Privacy policy
When you visit the tintin.com/ website (hereinafter, the "Site"), Tintinimaginatio collects and processes Personal Data.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform Users how the Site processes their Personal Data. The privacy policy describes the types of Personal Data received or collected on the Site; the conditions of use of the Personal Data; the choices available to the User regarding the collection of Personal Data and the measures taken to protect the security of this Personal Data.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. The modifications come into effect on the date of their posting on the Site (reference of the date of update at the end of this document) and are binding to the Users on the date of the first connection to the Site after the update.
1. Definitions
"User(s)"
means any natural person who accesses the Site governed by this Privacy Policy.
"Personal data"
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, in particular by reference to an identifier, such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more specific elements specific to his or her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
2. Controller
Tintinimaginatio (BCE 0430 246 468) is responsible for the processing of Personal Data in the context of the consultation and use of the Site.
Address: 162 Avenue Louise, 1050 Brussels, Belgium
E-mail:
privacy@tintin.be
3. Data protection officer (DPO)
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or about the processing of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at the following address Tintinimaginatio, for the attention of the DPO, 162 Avenue Louise, 1050 Brussels or at the following email address
privacy@tintin.be
.
4. Data collection
4.1. Data voluntarily communicated by the User: registration to the Newsletter, the Syldavian Passport and Personal Space.
Personal Data collected directly from the User may include the following data:
User's email address
User's password
Pseudonym
Telephone number
After completing the forms, the User consents to the processing of his/her Personal Data by ticking a box. The User can consult this privacy policy at any time.
4.2. Automatically collected data: cookies
When the User visits the Site, certain information is also collected by automated means, such as cookies.
When connecting to the Site, the User is informed that the Site uses technical and functional cookies and audience measurement cookies. By continuing to browse the Site without modifying their settings, as described below, the User consents to the use of cookies.
4.2.1 - What is a cookie?
A "cookie" is a text file sent by the accessed site to the User's computer or to any other device connected to the Internet, through the web browser, which is then stored on the hard disk. It uniquely identifies the visitor's browser or stores information or settings in the browser.
4.2.2 - Categories of cookies
Technical cookies:
These cookies are strictly necessary for the operation of the Site and are essential for the provision of our services and meet technical requirements. These cookies are deposited by Tintinimaginatio.
Functional cookies:
These cookies are essential for the implementation and operation of the features requested by the User. They enable the use of the Site to be personalised by memorising login details in a secure manner, including the acceptance of cookies. These cookies are deposited by Tintinimaginatio.
Audience measurement cookies:
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service offered by Google Inc. This service uses cookies to analyse the use and performance of our website in order to offer a better user experience. These cookies may be deposited by Tintinimaginatio or by third party service providers.
4.2.3 - Data collected by cookies
The information that may be collected by these cookies includes:
Information about the terminals used by the User to access the Internet (e.g. IP address and device, browser and operating system).
Dates and times of visits to the Site.
Information about actions taken on the Site.
A general geographic location (e.g. country and city) from which the User accesses the Site.
The search terms used by the User to access the Site.
5. Purpose and legal basis of processing
The User consents to the processing of his/her Personal Data for the following purposes:
Information on new products and news.
Registration to the Newsletter, to Personal Space and to the Syldavian Passport.
Proper functioning of the Site and audience measurement.
The collection of data in the context of sending the newsletter is not based on the consent of the persons concerned for all registrations prior to the entry into force of the GDPR. This collection is based on the legitimate interest of Tintinimaginatio and aims at promoting the activities of Tintinimaginatio while ensuring the satisfaction of our audience in the respect of the rights of the persons concerned (see paragraph on user’s rights).
The personal data communicated after the entry into force of the GDPR are used by Tintinimaginatio:
With your permission (legal basis: article 6.1 a) of the GDPR:
When you contact us by any means.
To send you important information relating to the Website and The Adventures of   Tintin Application and/or any other administrative information.
To enable you to receive information that may be of interest to you regarding our products/services, website, newsletter, promotional offers, direct marketing and contests and to manage these activities.
To analyse data, conduct audits, study the development of new products, improve our Website and The Adventures of Tintin Application as well as our services, identify usage trends.
You may withdraw your consent at any time (see below, point 7).
To the extent that we deem necessary or appropriate (legal basis: article 6.1 f) of the GDPR: a) to comply with any legal proceedings; b) to enforce our conditions of use (update the conditions of use); c) to protect our business; d) to protect our rights, our privacy, security or property, yours or those of third parties; and e) to enable us to pursue potential claims or limit any damages we may suffer.
It is recalled that this privacy policy complies with European and Belgian standards for the protection of personal data and privacy (including Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27th April 2016, the Law of 30th July 2018 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, the Law of 8th December 1992 on the protection of privacy and the Law of 3rd December 2017 establishing the Data Protection Authority).
6. Recipients of personal data
The recipients of personal data are, within the limits of their respective powers: the persons in charge of the marketing department, the sales department, the departments responsible for handling customer relations and business development, the administrative departments, the logistics and IT departments, the subcontractors (including Mailjet, Amazon, etc.).
Your personal data may be communicated to the following companies La Croix de l'Aigle (SA), the Hergé Foundation (public utility foundation) and Studios Hergé (ASBL).
7. Data retention periods
The personal data collected is only kept for the period necessary to fulfil its purpose:
Personal data collected in the context of registration for the Newsletter, the Personal Space and the Syldavian Passport may be kept for a maximum of 3 years after the User has unsubscribed.
Personal data collected via cookies are kept for a period of thirteen (13) months.
8. User rights
8.1. Configuration of automatically collected data: cookies
You have the possibility to define, through your browser, rules to accept all cookies, to be notified of the deposit of cookies, or finally to define that you do not wish to receive cookies.
If the last case is implemented by you, we inform you that certain personalised features of the Site cannot be provided and that, consequently, you may not be able to take full advantage of all the functionalities of our Site.
To configure cookie management, please follow the procedure specific to your browser:
Internet explorer
,
Safari
,
Chrome
,
Mozilla Firefox
.
Your choice of settings is not final, you can change them at any time.
8.2. Access, rectification, deletion, limitation, opposition, portability, withdrawal
In accordance with the European and national legislation in force, the User has the right to obtain from the Data Controller, through its DPO (see contact details above) and as soon as possible:
Access to personal data.
Rectification or erasure of the data.
Limitation of processing.
The User has the right to object to the processing and the right to data portability at any time.
Withdrawal of consent.
We remind you that at the bottom of each of our communications there is an unsubscribe link: just click on it to be unsubscribed. Unsubscription is immediate.
9. Personal Data Protection Measures
The Site has administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to help protect Personal Data collected, from accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, use or access.
The Site does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not use the Site without the permission of your legal guardian.
10. Applicable Law and Attribution of Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy is subject to Belgian law.
In the event of a dispute concerning the processing of their Personal Data in the context of the consultation of the Site, Users and the Data Controller undertake to seek an amicable solution beforehand and in good faith. Failing this, the User may lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority (DPA) or refer the matter to the competent courts.
This privacy policy was updated on 22 February 2023