Home
Privacy notice
Privacy notice
Our privacy notice
On this page
Introduction
Open in new window
Collecting your information and what we use it for
Open in new window
Sharing your information
Open in new window
Your rights
Open in new window
How long we keep your information for
Open in new window
How we protect your information
Open in new window
Download our privacy notice
Open in new window
Introduction
We are responsible for protecting your personal information as carefully as we protect your money.
This summary explains how we collect and use your personal information to help you and our business.
How we collect your information and what we use it for
Your information helps protect you and us from fraud. It also helps us check it’s really you. We may also ask you to consider using other identification methods like biometrics (your fingerprint or voice).
We collect your information in different ways, like:
Collecting basic information such as name, address and phone number from your application
When you call or email us or use any online services we may have available
From third party companies (such as other NatWest Group companies, credit reference agencies or public sources)
We use your information in different ways, like:
Using your health information to help you access our services more easily if needed
Offering you the right products and services – your information also helps us improve how we serve you
Sharing information about criminal activity with other organisations to stop and detect crime, and to obey laws relating to money laundering, fraud and terrorist financing
To help make the bank run smoothly
Why we share your information
We share your information so we can:
Protect you
Check your identity
Make sure you have the right products for your needs
Prevent fraud and money laundering
Help us comply with laws, manage our risk and protect our business
Who we share your information with
We share your information with:
Other companies in our group and our business partners who provide some of our services.
Fraud prevention agencies, so we can also record any identified or suspected fraud, which could mean we, or others, may refuse to provide you with services, financing, or employment.
Industry regulators, government departments and similar organisations, like local tax authorities, who might in turn have to share it with other countries.
Credit reference agencies, so we can:
Do a credit check - this can affect your credit score (we don’t do one if you’re just opening a savings account).
Do an identity check - this could be done on you and anyone else who’s linked to the account, but it doesn’t affect your credit score.
Protect you and comply with laws - we must share information with other organisations in certain situations, about how you manage your account.
Your rights
We need your information to provide you with the right products and services for you, but you have clear rights over what we do with that information. They’re not all included here but you’re able to:
Get a copy of your personal information
Ask us to correct or update wrong information
Ask us to stop using your information in some cases
Ask for a review of a decision that has been made automatically, like if a loan has been refused
Stop marketing that uses your personal information
Make a complaint to our Data Protection Officer (
dpo@rbsint.com
) about how we’ve used your personal information. If you're still not happy you can also complain to the Data Protection Authority.
How long we keep your information for
We don’t keep your information for longer than we need to, which is usually up to ten years after you close all your accounts.
Sometimes we need to keep it longer (for example due to an investigation by the police).
How we protect your information
We use many tools to make sure that your information remains confidential at all times and we may monitor or record calls, emails, text messages or other communications in order to protect you and us.
Download our privacy notice document
For more detailed information on how we collect, protect and use your information you can download our full privacy notice.
Our Privacy Notice (PDF,  203 KB)