Privacy Policy
123 Kids Fun Flashcards Lite
(iOS version)
We do not collect personally identifiable information.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
We don't share your personal information with marketers.
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies for marketing purposes.
Ad companies collect anonymous data.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. See the list of ad companies below.
Chartboost
"Chartboost offers a direct-deal advertising marketplace that enables game publishers to manage the distribution power of their mobile game apps and monetize the success of a Top-100 app in the App Store. With the Chartboost technology platform, publishers can cross-promote their own games to build awareness or do direct deals with other publishers to drive revenue."
Full Privacy Policy: https://help.chartboost.com/legal/privacy
Tapjoy
"For app developers, our turnkey advertising platform delivers cost-effective, high-value new users and helps their apps make money, while our vast advertising network lets mobile advertisers reach a global audience on more than 20,000 applications. Since our founding in 2007, our mobile advertising and publishing platform has touched more than 500 million mobile users."
Full Privacy Policy: http://info.tapjoy.com/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy/
AdMob
"AdMob knows performance mobile advertising. As one of the largest performance mobile ad networks worldwide, we offer performance advertisers sophisticated targeting capabilities and low-cost customer acquisition with measurable return on investment."
Full Privacy Policy: http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
No in-app purchases
There are no in-app purchases in our application.
Push notifications
We use push notifications in our application. See company privacy policies below.
Parse
Parse allows your team to focus more on creating a great user experience and forget server maintenance and complex infrastructure. Instantly add push notifications, data storage, social integration, and more the moment you integrate a Parse SDK into your app.
Full Privacy Policy: http://parse.com/about/terms/
No Internet connection required
Application do not require an internet connection to work. However, the application contains links to external sites that require an internet connection.
External sites:
123 Kids Fun Apps - Link to our website - Full Privacy Policy: http://123kidsfun.com/privacy-policy.html
Facebook - Link to our fanpage on Facebook - Full Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Twitter - Link to our profile on Twitter - Full Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/privacy
App Store - Link to rating our app in the App Store - Full Privacy Policy: http://www.apple.com/privacy/
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us: contact@123kidsfun.com
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on [18.02.2014]. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place them on our website or application.