Privacy Policy
Open privacy settings
1. contact details of the controller and the data protection officer
idealo internet GmbH (hereinafter also referred to as "idealo", "we" or "us") offers you the opportunity to use various services of our website "idealo.de" and our mobile applications ("apps") "idealo Shopping",  "idealo Flight" and "idealo car rental" (hereinafter jointly referred to as "offer" or "idealo pages") free of charge.
We are the controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our contact details are:
idealo internet GmbH
Zimmerstrasse 50
10888 Berlin, Germany
Fax: +49 30 80 09 70 50 2
E-mail:
mail@idealo.de
Our data protection officer can be contacted at
idealo internet GmbH
z. For the attention of the data protection officer
Zimmerstrasse 50
10888 Berlin, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@idealo.de
We expressly point out that when using the e-mail address, the contents are not exclusively taken note of by our data protection officer. If you wish to exchange confidential information, we therefore ask you to notify us in advance via the above e-mail address or to contact the data protection officer by post.
Below we inform you for what purpose and to what extent we process personal data in the course of your use of the idealo pages.
2. purposes and legal bases of the processing
We process your data depending on the use of our services for the following purposes:
a. Provision of our offer
We process your personal data in order to provide you with our services. The processing is based on our legitimate interest in being able to make the various functions of our website technically available to you (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). This data is also analysed by us in order to measure the performance of our website, identify navigation problems, improve technical performance and user-friendliness, assess the required server performance and understand what content you are interested in. As part of the provision of our offer, we also use your IP address to display local offers at your request. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest in designing our offer in the interests of our customers (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
b. Customer account (wish list, price alert and personalised recommendations)
idealo offers you the opportunity to create a free customer account. To be able to use the "My idealo" customer account, you must register with a valid e-mail address and a password. We use this data to provide you with the user account and the functions it contains (especially the wish list and price alert), to manage it and to enable its use. The legal basis for the creation of the customer account is the contract concluded with you for the customer account (Art. 6 para. 1 lit b. GDPR).
So that we can offer you functions linked to the account, we also need your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, § 25 para. 1 TDDDG). This is necessary so that we can send you notifications about wish lists and price alerts as well as other personalised product recommendations. You can access the content of the consent you have given
here
at any time. You can revoke your consent at any time, e.g. by sending a message to the contact details given in section 10 (please note that we will have to delete your account in the event of revocation, as we will then lack the legal basis for processing your data).
You can also create a wish list or subscribe to the price alarm via our app without a user account and without consent. In this case, the legal basis is our legitimate interest in making it easier for our customers to compare products (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
You also have the option of personalising your account by entering your name. We process your data in order to be able to address you personally, e.g. in e-mails (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
You can also delete your account and the data stored in it yourself at any time via the settings and the ‘Delete account’ option.
c. Registration via social login
To log in to your customer account, you can also use the social login of Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, Apple (Apple Inc. One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA) or Meta Platforms Inc, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. If you use this function, you will be redirected to Google, Apple or Facebook, where you can log in with your login name and password. We naturally do not take any notice of this login data. The respective social login provider receives the information that you have visited idealo. We receive your e-mail address and customer ID used there and, if authorised by you, your name and profile picture link, which we link to your customer account. We do not receive any other data. The legal basis for this data processing is your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR).
d. Newsletter
When you register for our newsletter (
here
), we process your personal data with your consent in order to send you personalised product recommendations and to find out whether our messages are helpful to you (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any time and without giving reasons with effect for the future, e.g. by clicking on "unsubscribe" in the newsletter or by sending an e-mail to
unsubscribe@idealo.co.uk
.
e. Product and shop reviews
You have the opportunity to rate shops on our website. In order for you to rate a shop, we need your e-mail address and a customer or order number to which you refer in connection with your rating. Please note that when a shop is rated, we pass on the customer and order number to the shop so that the shop in question can assign the rating.. When you submit a review, we conclude a contract with you on the basis of our terms of use, which is also the legal basis for the processing of your data (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). It may be that a shop objects to the rating. In this case, we will contact you via the e-mail address you have provided and may request further information in order to be able to defend ourselves against claims to delete the comment. In this case, you are free to provide further information. Please note, however, that we will have to delete your review if we do not hear from you again. In this case, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in defending ourselves against the assertion of legal claims (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). It is also possible that a customer review may be the subject of a reporting or also complaint procedure that we have to carry out due to the requirements of the Digital Services Act (DSA). The data processing required to carry out the procedure is carried out on the basis of the corresponding legal obligations (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR).
f. Feedback
We give you the opportunity to give us feedback in various places on our website. We process your feedback in order to enter into dialogue with you and to improve our services. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in improving our services (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
g. Other enquiries (e-mail / forms)
If you contact us by e-mail or form, we process your data to process your enquiry depending on your request. If you have an enquiry about your customer account, we process your personal data on the basis of the corresponding contract (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). If you assert legal claims, e.g. your rights as a data subject under data protection law, we process the information from your enquiry on the basis of a legal obligation (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR). We process general enquiries on the basis of our legitimate interest in being able to respond to you appropriately (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Our forms are also protected by the Google reCaptcha service, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (Google). This service uses interactions with our offers to determine whether the input in an Internet form is made by a human or by automated, machine processing (bot). This is to prevent our website from being overloaded due to an excess of simultaneous bot requests. The legal basis for the use of Google reCaptcha is our legitimate interest in protecting our service (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). Google receives personal data from you. You can find out more about this in Google's privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
h. IT security
We analyse your personal data in the interests of system security and for the technical management of the network infrastructure. In this way, we ensure that our services can be made available to you at all times and free from the influence of third parties. Our legitimate interest is the secure provision of our services (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
i. Billing with shops
If you click on an offer and are forwarded to a shop, we record this in order to receive remuneration from the shops concerned. Depending on what has been agreed with the shop, we are remunerated for redirecting you or for the fact that you have purchased a product after being redirected. This is how we finance our platform. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest in the economic operation of our company (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
j. Competitions
When you take part, we process your personal data to organise competitions on the basis of the conditions of participation agreed with you (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). After the competition, the participant data will only be stored for a limited period (three years) to enable us to defend against fraud and unlawful claims (Art. 6 para. 1 f GDPR). If you win a prize, your data will be passed on to shipping service providers to send the prize. The winner's data will be stored for up to ten years due to tax and commercial law obligations (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR).
k. Fulfilment of legal obligations
In individual cases, we may be legally obliged to process your data (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR). A legal obligation may arise from the provisions of the German Code of Criminal Procedure (StPO), particularly in the case of criminal investigations. Legal obligations to process your data also arise from commercial, tax, financial or data protection law (e.g. if you assert your rights as a data subject).
l. Low price guarantee
If you make use of the low price guarantee for bookings as part of our offer, we process your personal data in order to check whether you can make use of the low price guarantee (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). It is necessary to provide the data requested by us in order to be able to pay you the difference to the low price. After payment of the difference, the data you have provided will be deleted. The receipt of the payment made to you will be kept for 10 years due to commercial and tax law obligations.
m. Control of the use of technologies to track user activity
We use applications that ensure that your activities on our services can only be tracked for the purposes mentioned in section 3 with your consent. This is the cookie banner, for example, which you can use to decide for yourself which cookies should be used.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest in only processing your personal data for the purposes mentioned under point 3 if your consent has been obtained (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
3. web/app tracking, marketing
Subject to your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR), we process your personal data for the use of our offers for the following purposes:
a. Analyses of user behaviour
We conduct analyses to better understand our users and our target groups and to adapt and expand our offers according to the ideas of our users. In this way, we can determine, for example, which products are of particular interest to our users at any given time. To do this, we also create individual user profiles and can link data across devices.
b. Measuring the success of advertising
We try to reach you through various advertising measures. With your consent, we measure how successful these measures are. In doing so, we also record whether an advertising measure has reached you and how you respond to it. In some cases, the remuneration of our advertising partners also depends on the success of advertising measures. We record your behaviour in relation to the following advertising measures, among others:
advertising campaigns (e.g. TV commercials, advertisements);
direct messages (e.g. push notifications in the app) and
promotional design of offers on the website and app (e.g. by means of A/B testing)
c. personalised product recommendations
Advertisements, content, advertising messages and push notifications can be personalised based on your user behaviour and evaluated to create a user profile. To do this, we evaluate your interests, location and demographic information. Data may also be used in this context to build or improve systems and software. To do this, we may use information to create new computational models and algorithms using machine learning.
d. Advertising on other websites (remarketing)
With the help of our partners, we display advertising for our services on other websites, platforms or other services. For example, you may also receive advertising for products on other sites that you have viewed on Idealo. In this context, your data is also evaluated to gain insights into other users and target groups. With your consent, our partners also use your data to make you offers and create profiles about you.
e. Provide personalised advertising on third-party sites through advertising partners
With your consent, our advertising partner Media Impact GmbH & Co. KG, Zimmerstraße 50, 10888 Berlin, Germany (’MI‘) sets cookies or comparable technologies with a pseudonymous identification number (’MI-ID") in your browser when you visit our website, which we read and can add to your user profile on our website. We analyse your usage data to gain insights into your interests and create target group profiles.
If your user profile matches the specified target group criteria, we and MI may compare our MI-ID with the MI-ID available at MI so that MI can display personalised advertising to you and similar users on other websites. If the comparison results in an intersection of MI-IDs, MI can use this information to optimise or display personalised advertising to this MI-ID on other websites.
4. web/app tracking: partner companies
We work together with various service providers in relation to the purposes mentioned under point 3. You can see in detail which services we use for which purposes with your consent in the data protection settings in the provider overview:
Open data protection settings
There you will also find detailed information on the cookies used, their duration of function and the data processed. You can also object to the use of individual providers. Below you will find further details on the analytics services and marketing partners we use:
a. Adjust (only in the app)
We use the Adjust analysis technology from adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 36, 10405 Berlin.
Data is also transmitted to third-party providers (including Google Ads) via Adjust as part of measuring the success of advertising campaigns in order to provide compliance evidence required by third-party providers.
b. Axel Springer Teaser Ad GmbH
Tracking by Ad Up, a technology and service provider of Axel Springer Teaser Ad GmbH (Axel-Springer-Straße 65, 10969 Berlin), is integrated on our websites.
c. Criteo
Via Criteo (Criteo SA, 32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris, France) we publish adverts on third-party offers based on the content you have viewed on our services. idealo also publishes adverts on third-party websites and emails from third parties via Criteo in order to address former idealo customers.
d. Exact Target and Marketing Cloud from Salesforce
We use the Salesforce service (salesforce.com Germany GmbH, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37 80636 Munich, Germany; salesforce.com Inc., 1 Market Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) to send marketing emails and push notifications.
e. Meta / Facebook Custom Audiences
We use the Custom Audiences product from Meta (formerly Facebook, now: Meta Platforms, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5. Dublin, Ireland).
Subject to your consent, when you visit our pages, usage data is collected via a tracking pixel ("Meta Pixel") and via a server interface ("Meta Conversions API") and transmitted to Meta in order to display adverts on Meta's social networks (in particular Facebook and Instagram) for articles on our websites that may be of interest to you and for our app.
For this purpose, data on the websites and content accessed, browser data and data that allow the assignment to a website visitor and the recognition in the social networks of Meta are processed. If you are a Facebook user, Facebook can also assign the visit to our pages to your Facebook user account. This data collected via the tracking pixel ("Meta Pixel") and the server interface ("Meta Conversions API") is compared, merged into user profiles and analysed to determine target groups. This allows us to show you advertisements on our websites in social networks in line with your user behaviour.
Facebook and we are jointly responsible under data protection law for the processing of data that is processed via the tracking pixel to determine target groups. Among other things, Facebook receives information from your browser that our page has been accessed from your device. If you are a Facebook user, Facebook can assign the visit to our pages to your user account. We would like to point out that we have no further knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook. You can find more information on this in sections 2 and 5 of the
Terms of Use for Meta Business Tools
and in the
Addendum for joint responsibility
of Meta. To measure the success of our advertising on Facebook, we also use so-called conversion tracking. By calling up the meta pixel from your browser, Facebook can subsequently recognise whether a Facebook ad was successful, e.g. whether it led to an online purchase. We only receive statistical data from Facebook for this purpose without reference to a specific person. This enables us to record the effectiveness of Facebook adverts for statistical and market research purposes, and we also use conversion tracking to measure the success of our adverts on Facebook. By calling up the meta pixel from your browser, Facebook can subsequently recognise whether a Facebook ad was successful, e.g. whether it led to an online purchase. We only receive statistical data from Facebook for this purpose without reference to a specific person. This allows us to record the effectiveness of Facebook adverts for statistical and market research purposes.
Further information on data processing by Meta can be found in the Facebook data protection information at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
f. Google Ads and Analytical Services
We use various services from Google (Google LLC, Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland) for advertising and analysis purposes. You can find out more about the processing of your data by Google here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
a) Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service for collecting and evaluating data on the behaviour of visitors to our services. We use Google Analytics to collect data on your use of our services. Using Google Analytics, we can use your data to generate reports on the use of our services.
b) Google Marketing Platform and Campaign Manager (Google Advertising Products)
We use the Google Marketing Platform. This is used to show you adverts based on the content you have viewed on our services. With the help of cookies, your activity on our site can be tracked by Google. Google uses this information to show you adverts on third-party sites. Google also uses cookies to record whether you have purchased a product after clicking on an advert (conversion tracking).
We also use the Campaign Manager to measure the success of the adverts that we display to you and other users via the Google Marketing Platform. With its help, we can track whether you have visited our site after viewing an advert that was displayed to you with the help of the Google Marketing Platform. We also use this information to show you and other users more appropriate adverts in the future.
You can find more information about how Google processes your data to display adverts here:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
.
g. Hotjar
idealo uses the analysis software "Hotjar" from Hotjar Ltd (St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta). Hotjar collects usage data with the help of a cookie and helps us to analyse it in order to improve our offers.
h. Microsoft Advertising
Our website uses Microsoft Advertising Services, which is provided to us by Microsoft (Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland). This service enables us to track activities on our website if you reach our website via a Bing advert. This is done by placing a cookie (small text file) on your device when you click on an advert. Our adverts are also displayed to you via Microsoft Advertising if you use Bing after accessing our services.
You can find more information about the terms of use and privacy policy for this product here:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-GB/privacystatement/
.
i. Qualtrics
Through the services of Qualtrics, LLC (333 W. River Park Dr., Provo, UT 84604 United States), we collect, with your consent, the type of use of the feedback functions and the use of our services in order to better understand your feedback.
We also use Qualtrics to provide you with a form for reporting illegal content on our website (DSA complaint). We process the information in connection with your report on the basis of a legal obligation (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR).
We also use Qualtrics to provide you with a form for reporting pricing errors. If you transmit personal data in connection with your report, we process it on the basis of our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Information about data protection at Qualtrics can be found at:
www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement
and
https://www.qualtrics.com/gdpr/
.
j. RTB House
We use the technology of RTB House S.A., 61/101 Złota Street, 00-819 Warsaw, Poland) on our website.
k. TikTok
We have embedded the TikTok Pixel and comparable functions of the TikTok video platform on our pages. idealo processes your data in joint responsibility with TikTok (TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, WeWork, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, England and TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland). If you also have a user account for the TikTok video platform and are logged in there or log in there at a later time, TikTok can directly assign your visit to our website and the event data collected to this user account. If you visit websites or mobile applications of other providers that also use the TikTok pixel, TikTok can also link this information to your user account. This enables TikTok, among other things, to determine the users of a website or mobile application as a target group for the display of certain adverts on their video portal and to address them specifically ("re-targeting"). Accordingly, we use the TikTok Pixel so that our adverts on the TikTok video portal are primarily displayed to TikTok users who have already visited our website or have certain characteristics, e.g. have shown interest in certain products or topics. We can also use the pixel to record and analyse the effectiveness of our ads on the video portal for statistical and market research purposes. By using the pixel, TikTok can determine how many users clicked on an advert placed for us and were redirected to our offer (so-called "conversion measurement").
We are jointly responsible with TikTok for the collection of data via the TikTok Pixel and the transfer of the collected data to TikTok for the purpose of re-targeting and conversion measurement (measurement of the effectiveness of advertising measures) in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR (but not for the further processing of the data by TikTok). For this joint processing activity, we have concluded a special agreement with TikTok provided by TikTok. According to this agreement, idealo and TikTok are obliged to provide their users with the data protection information required under Articles 13 and 14 GDPR and, in particular, to inform them about the joint data processing. If you wish to assert your right of cancellation or your rights as a data subject under Articles 15 to 23 GDPR with regard to the joint data processing described above, TikTok acts as a joint point of contact and processes all applications to assert these rights. However, you can also contact us.
You can access the full text of our agreement with TikTok here:
https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/article?aid=300871706948451871
Further information on the processing of your personal data by TikTok can be found here:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en
.
l. AWIN
With your consent, we use the affiliate network AWIN (AWIN AG, Stralauer Allee 2, 10245 Berlin) to record whether you have purchased a product from a member of the network after visiting our services so that we can receive remuneration for this. AWIN will not collect any personal data without your consent.
You can view AWIN's data protection information here:
https://www.awin.com/gb/privacy
m. Media Impact
When you visit our website, our advertising partner MI sets cookies or comparable technologies with a pseudonymous identification number (‘MI-ID’) in your browser, subject to your consent. We can read this MI-ID and add it to your user profile. We analyse your usage data to gain insights into your interests and create target group profiles. To enable MI to display personalised advertising from MI advertising partners on other websites, we and MI occasionally compare our MI-IDs, whose user profile corresponds to a specified target group criterion, and the MI-IDs available at MI.
Your MI-ID is compared by a service provider using a secure procedure (‘Data Clean Room’). For this purpose, we and MI have concluded an agreement with the service provider for order processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. Only pseudonymised MI IDs are processed in the Data Clean Room. If your MI ID is present in the Data Clean Room in both our area and MI's area (‘match’), MI can use this information to display or optimise personalised advertising for MI advertising partners on other websites.
The MI-ID and target group criteria provided by us are not permanently stored in the data clean room or at MI.
Further information on data processing by Media Impact can be found at
https://www.mediaimpact.de/de/ueber-unsere-werbung/
.
MI and idealo act in joint responsibility when processing data that is processed via the MI ID for target group determination and matching. We have concluded an agreement with MI in this respect regarding joint responsibility within the meaning of Art. 26 GDPR, in which we have defined the respective responsibilities for fulfilling the obligations under the GDPR. Accordingly, we and MI are obliged to enable you to grant and revoke consent under data protection law. In addition, we are the central point of contact for you as the data subject. We will forward any data subject requests that we receive and that relate to our joint responsibility to MI for response without undue delay. Nevertheless, you can assert the rights to which you are entitled under the GDPR as a data subject both with and against us and with and against MI.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 (1) point a GDPR. You have the option to revoke the consent you have given at any time in the
privacy
settings.
5. disclosure of your data to other third parties
a. Authorities and public bodies
If we are legally obliged to disclose your personal data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR in conjunction with a specific legal basis in national law, we will transfer your personal data to authorities, for example the police or public prosecutor's office or data protection supervisory authority, if this is necessary due to an official request for information, a court order or an order from the public prosecutor's office.
b. Subsidiaries
To the extent permitted by law, we also pass on your personal data to our subsidiaries, in particular comparado GmbH (Auf der Hude 87, 21339 Lüneburg) and Ladenzeile GmbH (Zimmerstraße 50, 10888 Berlin).
c. IT service provider (Data processing)
In the context of providing our services, we also use various IT service providers as our processors.
Our website and app are hosted on servers of the cloud provider AWS (Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg). Your personal data are also stored and processed there. Practically everything that happens on our website and in our app runs on AWS servers.
Salesforce (salesforce.com Germany GmbH, Erika-Mann-Strasse 31-37, 80636 Munich, Germany) supports us in processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. If you create a customer account, subscribe to the newsletter or activate push notifications, your data will also be stored and processed in our Salesforce Cloud. In addition, Salesforce provides us with the Tableau service, which we use to analyse your data.
Google Ireland Limited (Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland) provides us with services such as Google Firebase (for the app) and GoogleTagManager.
Via the providers Qualtrics (Qualtrics, LLC (333 W. River Park Dr., Provo, UT 84604 United States) and Feedbackify (Feedbackify Limited, 13 Kings Avenue, New Malden, Surrey KT3 4DU, UK) we give you the opportunity to provide us with feedback.
Usercentrics (Usercentrics GmbH, Sendlinger Str. 7, 80331 Munich) technically provides our Consent Management Platform and the cookie banner it contains.
The service provider Akamai (Akamai Technologies GmbH, Parkring 20-22, 85748 Garching) supports us in the provision of our offer. Among other things, Akamai provides us with our Content Delivery Network (CDN). In addition, Akamai offers us services to ensure IT security.
d. Affiliate networks
In addition to AWIN, we work with the following affiliate networks:
a) Commission Junction
ValueClick Deutschland GmbH, Rosenheimer Straße 145e-f, 81671 Munich, Germany
The applicable data protection provisions of Commission Junction may be retrieved under
https://www.cj.com/legal/privacy-policy-services
.
b) Performance Horizon
Performance Horizon Group Limited, Level 8, West One, Forth Banks, Newcastle Upon Tyne, NE1 3PA, United Kingdom
The applicable data protection provisions of Performance Horizon Group may be retrieved under
https://partnerize.com/legal/privacy-statement
.
d) Impact
Impact Tech, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 223 East De La Guerra Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101
The applicable data protection provisions of Impact may be retrieved under
https://impact.com/privacy-policy/
.
6. transfer to countries outside the EEA and the United Kingdom
We transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the United Kingdom.
For many of these countries, the European Commission has recognised in adequacy decisions that personal data is adequately protected there (e.g. in Switzerland, Israel, Japan or the UK). If an adequacy decision exists, we will transfer your data on the basis of the relevant adequacy decision.
In addition, a limited adequacy decision applies to the USA, which only applies to transfers that are carried out in accordance with the requirements of the
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
. This permits transfers to companies and organisations in the USA that have been certified in accordance with the requirements of the Data Privacy Framework (DPF). A list of these companies is available
here
. Insofar as we work with companies from the USA and a suitable certification in accordance with the requirements of the DPF is available, we transfer your data on the basis of the limited adequacy decision for the USA.
For transfers to other countries and transfers to US companies that are not certified in accordance with DPF requirements, we have taken measures to ensure that an adequate level of data protection is guaranteed at all times. We therefore agree standard data protection clauses of the European Commission with our service providers, which can be viewed
here
.
In cases where the agreement of standard data protection clauses is not possible or not sufficient to establish an adequate level of data protection, we will only transfer your personal data if you have given your consent. We will inform you of these transfers and the associated risks before you give your consent.
7. origin of the data
As you know, apps are regularly made available for download on the websites of third-party providers (such as iTunes, Google, etc.). If idealo Internet GmbH becomes your contractual partner for the purchase of the app in accordance with the applicable terms of use of such a provider, we process the data that the third-party provider makes available to us to the extent necessary for the fulfilment of the contract so that you can download the app to your mobile device.
8. social networks
You can also find us on the social networks of other companies, such as Facebook or X. We have also integrated some of the functions of these networks into our online services. However, you can only use both if you are registered and logged in to the respective social network. Please note that the terms of use and data protection conditions of the respective company apply to the use of the respective social network, over which we have no influence. However, we will be happy to explain to you how such networks process your personal data in this context:
Each time you visit one of the idealo pages on which a social network component (Page Plug-In (Facebook), LinkedIn Plug-In, Pinterest Plug-In, X Plug-In, YouTube Plug-In) has been integrated, your Internet browser is automatically prompted by the respective social network component to download a representation of the corresponding component. Further information on the technical integration of the respective network can be found at the following URLs:
Facebook:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/?locale=en_EN
LinkedIn:
https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins
Pinterest:
https://developers.pinterest.com/
X:
https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons
Xing:
https://dev.xing.com/
Youtube:
https://developers.google.com/youtube/
.
As part of this technical process, the network receives information about which specific subpage of our website you have visited.
If you are logged in to the respective social network at the same time, it will recognise which specific subpage of our website you are visiting each time you access it and for the entire duration of your visit to our website. This information is collected by the respective social network component and assigned to your network account. If you click on one of the buttons integrated on our website or make a comment or recommendation, the network assigns this information to your personal social network user account and stores this personal data. Google, for example, also links this personal data with other Google services and states the purpose as optimisation of the services.
The network always receives information via the respective component of the network that you have visited our website if you are logged in to this network at the same time as accessing our website; this takes place regardless of whether you click on the component or not.
a. Facebook
We have included components of the company Meta, which operates the social network Facebook, on this website.
Among other things, Facebook allows users to create private profiles, upload photos and network via friend requests.
If a data subject lives outside the USA or Canada, the controller for the processing of personal data is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5. Dublin, Ireland.
The privacy policy published by Meta, which is available at
https://en-gb.facebook.com/about/privacy/
, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Meta. It also explains the setting options Meta offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, various applications are available that make it possible to suppress data transmission to Meta. You can use such applications to suppress data transmission to Meta.
We use Facebook Fanpages under the following URLs, for which we are jointly responsible under data protection law with Meta (Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5. Dublin, Ireland) are joint controllers under data protection law:
https://www.facebook.com/idealoDE/ https://www.facebook.com/idealoAT/
https://www.facebook.com/idealoIT/
https://www.facebook.com/idealoES/
https://www.facebook.com/idealoFR/
https://www.facebook.com/idealoGB/
In joint responsibility with Meta, we analyse how our fan pages are used (so-called Page Insights). The information required by the GDPR on data processing in the context of Page Insights can be found at Meta; currently available at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
. Meta also provides the relevant contents of the contract between us and Meta, currently at:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum.
As part of the Page Insights, we ourselves only receive anonymised statistics - we have no access to personal data processed by Meta. We process anonymised data on the basis of legal regulations that allow us to process personal data because we have an overriding legitimate interest in gaining a better understanding of the interests of visitors to our fan page (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
b. Instagram
We use components of the Instagram service. Instagram is an audiovisual platform that allows users to share photos and videos and also to redistribute such data in other social networks. The operator of Instagram in Europe is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland. Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Instagram can be found at
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
and
www.instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
c. LinkedIn
We have integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website. LinkedIn is an internet-based social network that enables users to connect with existing business contacts and make new business contacts.
The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible for data protection matters outside the USA.
LinkedIn offers the option to unsubscribe from email messages, SMS messages and targeted adverts and to manage ad settings at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls
. LinkedIn also uses partners such as Quantcast, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua and Lotame, which may set cookies. Such cookies can be rejected at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
. The applicable data protection provisions of LinkedIn may be retrieved under
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
LinkedIn's cookie policy is available at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy.
d. Pinterest
We have integrated components of Pinterest Inc. on this website. Pinterest is a so-called "social network". Pinterest enables users of the social network to publish image collections and individual images as well as descriptions on virtual pinboards (so-called "pinning"), which can then be shared by other users (so-called "repinning") or commented on.
The operating company of Pinterest is Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
The privacy policy published by Pinterest, which is available at https://about.pinterest.com/privacy-policy, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Pinterest.
e. X (formerly Twitter)
We have integrated X components on this website. X is a multilingual, publicly accessible microblogging service on which users can publish and disseminate so-called tweets, i.e. short messages limited to 280 characters. These short messages can be accessed by anyone, including people who are not registered with X. However, the tweets are also displayed to the so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other X users who follow a user's tweets. X also enables a broad audience to be addressed via hashtags, links or retweets.
The operating company of X is X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
The applicable data protection provisions of X are available at
https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
.
f. Xing
We have integrated components from Xing on this website. Xing is an internet-based social network that enables users to connect with business contacts. Individual users can create a personal profile for themselves on Xing. Companies can, for example, create company profiles or publish job offers on Xing.
The operating company of Xing is XING SE, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany.
The data protection provisions published by Xing, which can be accessed at www.xing.com/privacy, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Xing. Xing has also published information about the XING share button at
www.xing.com/app/share%3Fop%3Ddata_protection
.
g. YouTube
We have integrated YouTube components on this website. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to post video clips free of charge and other users to view, rate and comment on them free of charge. YouTube allows the publication of all types of videos, which is why complete film and television programmes as well as music videos, trailers or videos made by users themselves can be accessed via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
The data protection provisions published by YouTube, which can be accessed at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de
, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
On smartphones and tablets, the aforementioned services are often not implemented by plug-ins, but by a "share" function. Information can also be passed on to other social media service providers in accordance with their settings. Please refer to your device information for details.
9. storage period
We only store personal data for as long as we are authorised to do so and the purpose of processing has not ceased to apply and provided that there are no statutory retention periods to the contrary.
In addition to the information on the storage period of certain data elsewhere in this privacy policy, we inform you as follows:
If you have a customer account (see above), your data will be stored there until you delete your account or have not logged in for more than 13 months.
Data will be processed on the basis of your consent and the data will be stored until you revoke your consent to us.
We store personal data on product and shop reviews for as long as the review is publicly accessible. After a review has been removed from our services, we store the data for a further three years so that we can defend ourselves in the event of a legal dispute. The period begins at the end of the calendar year in which the review was removed from our services.
Personal data that has been processed as part of a reporting or complaints procedure in accordance with the requirements of the Digital Services Act (DSA) will be stored for three years after the procedure has been completed so that we can defend ourselves in the event of a legal dispute. The period begins at the end of the reporting or complaints procedure.
Please note that even in these cases, we may not be able to delete data completely due to legal obligations, but are obliged to retain some data.  For example, the German Commercial Code (HGB) and the German Tax Code (AO) require business letters to be retained for (at least) 6 years; "business letters" also include all emails that we specifically exchange with you. For a range of other data, there is a retention obligation of at least 10 years. Furthermore, we process and store responses to data subject enquiries for verification purposes on the basis of our legitimate interest (verifiability of the fulfilment of data subject rights) for 3 years.
We base the storage period strictly on legal considerations. If, for example, claims are still possible under a contract, we store the corresponding data, and when applying Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms limit the storage period as part of the weighing up to be carried out and significantly determine this.
10. contact details and your rights as a data subject
Please contact our data protection officer at any time if you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection and the exercise of your rights as a data subject (see below):
idealo internet GmbH
Data protection
Zimmerstrasse 50
10888 Berlin, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@idealo.de
a. Revocation of consent / objection to data processing
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future at the above-mentioned contact address.
You also have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on a legitimate interest. In the event of an objection, we will no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If we process personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such marketing by contacting us at the above address. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising.
b. Art. 15 GDPR - Right to information of the data subject
You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed and, if so, what this is, as well as the circumstances of the data processing. You can also request a copy of the personal data processed about you.
c. Art. 16 GDPR - Right to rectification
You have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you also have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data, including by means of a supplementary declaration.
d. Art. 17 GDPR - right to erasure
You have the right to demand that we delete personal data concerning you immediately if and insofar as the legal requirements are met.
e. Art. 18 GDPR - Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to demand that we restrict processing if the legal requirements are met.
f. Art. 20 GDPR - right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us, or to have the data transmitted directly to another controller, where technically feasible.
g. Art. 77 GDPR in conjunction with Section 19 BDSG - Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint at any time with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes applicable law.
The supervisory authority responsible for idealo is:
Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information for the State of Berlin, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin
Telephone: +49 30 13889-0; fax: +49 30 2155050; e-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de
h. Existence of automated decision-making
There is no automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Art. 22 GDPR.
Status: 18 March 2024