Home
Screenshots
Features
Download
Mail
Privacy Policy
...because transparency is important to us
This Privacy Policy explains how the cdef GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "Best Brokers", "we", "us" or "our") collects, uses and discloses information about you when you use our website, mobile application or in any other interaction with us. This privacy policy is subject to change. If we were to change this policy, we will note this by changing the date at the bottom of this policy. Additionally, we may provide you with additional notice (e.g. by displaying a statement on our website or in our application. This notice could also be delivered via push-notification service). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. Please also review our Terms of Use carefully before using Best Brokers.
Collection, Storage and Processing of Information
We only collect information that you provide directly to us. This can be any interaction with our services, for example by creating an account, by using our services ("Best Brokers") in any way or by requesting customer support. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, profile picture and any other information you choose to provide. The Android application is connected and synchronized with your Google Account, so it is required to provide the Google ID in order to use it. The iOS application uses Apple iCloud to sync the portfolio and other settings of the user.
When accessing our services, we will collect information about you, including but not limited to the following:
Creating or deleting orders
Buying or selling stocks
Buying in game products, as virtual currency or the ad-free version
Usage information (e.g. the number of orders, number of messages, last login…)
A unique device token in order to send push-messages
All of this information is automatically tagged with the current date and time of the action.
Usage of Information
We only use the collected information about you to carry out the purpose it was collected for (providing a stock simulation game)
Usage includes but is not limited to
Sharing statistics (e.g. last time online)
Sharing actions (e.g. current orders, bought stocks)
Sending messages
Sharing your progress in the toplists
Best Brokers uses a unique device ID to send push notifications or alerts to your device. If you don’t consent, you can disable these notifications on your device at any time.
Sharing of Information
We reserve our right to use publicly accessible information of you, like screenshots of the leaderboard possibly containing your name, profile picture and progress to disclose them on our website or in the App Store or in Google Play.
We reserve our right to share personal data in response to legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, rule, or regulation of the Federal Republic of Germany, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
Use of Web Analytic Services and YouTube API Services
The following web analytic service is used to improve the user experience of our services: We use Google Analytics, a service for the marketing analysis of this website, of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses codes consisting of text and numbers, which will be stored on your computer and which allow for an analysis of the use of the Website ("Cookies"). The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transferred to and stored by a Google Server. Google will use this information, to evaluate your use of the website, to prepare reports about the website activities for the website operators and to provide further services connected to the use of websites and the use of the internet. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if legally obliged to do so or if third parties process these data on behalf of Google. In no case, Google will connect your IP address with other data from Google.
You can remove or deactivate such Cookies using the settings of your computer; in such a case you might not be able to fully use all functions of this website. By using this website or the Best Brokers iOS or Android app, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Google to the extent and purpose stated above. You can refuse to allow your data to be passed on by using a deactivation add-on for browsers under
https://goo.gl/1yuGP2
.
Both the Best Brokers iOS and Android app use YouTube API Services. Data obtained from the YouTube API Services is subject to the Google Privacy Policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Security
Best Brokers cannot warrant security or privacy for any data transmitted from or to our services, because the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Still, we encrypt any communication between the app and our servers with state-of the art SSL encryption.
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Best Brokers is based in Germany. The information we collect is processed in the European Union and governed by the applicable German law and European directives.
Rights of objection, access, erasure and blocking of data
If you object to the use of your data, or if we are obligated to do so (e.g. due to breach of contractual Terms, pursuit of claims, legal or governmental regulations), we will correct and/or delete your personal data at any time without any prior notice. In case a deletion is not possible due to legal, statutory or contractual retention periods, or if it requires disproportionate efforts or prejudices your legitimate interests, the data will be blocked instead of deleted.
Contact
If you have any further questions about the collection, use and processing of your personal data, please contact us directly at: support@bestbrokers.de
Last updated:
January 2019