Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Contents
Introduction
Our Privacy Promise
Who is Slimming World?
What information will Slimming World collect about me?
What if my success story is selected for the magazine or publicity?
How will Slimming World use the information it collects about me?
Your Slimming World Online or LifelineOnline account
When will Slimming World contact me?
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
Will Slimming World share my personal information with anyone else?
Slimming World Online virtual groups privacy information
Offensive or inappropriate content on Slimming World websites, social media pages etc
What if I’m a user aged under 18?
How long will Slimming World keep my information?
How secure is my personal information?
Do you transfer my data to another country?
Can I delete my data?
Can I find out what personal information Slimming World holds about me?
What if I’m accessing Slimming World websites from outside the UK?
Web browser cookies – our Cookies Policy
Apps and devices
Consultant recruitment
Changes to Slimming World’s Privacy Promise
Contacting Slimming World about this Privacy Promise
Slimming World’s Privacy Promise
Last updated 19th December 2024
Introduction
At Slimming World, we’re committed to safely, securely and responsibly protecting the data we hold. Our Privacy Promise below explains in detail our commitment to confidentiality, including how we use member information, who we share it with, how long we keep it for, how we keep it safe and how members can request the information we hold about them.
If anything is unclear or you have questions, please don’t hesitate to contact the
Data Protection Officer
.
Our Privacy Promise
We take your privacy very seriously and so should you. So please read this Privacy Promise to understand how we handle your personal information and how we keep that information secure.
Whether you’re an online member or a member of one of our groups, or you’re visiting our website for the first time, we want you to know that your personal information is important to us and we value the trust and faith you put into Slimming World to deliver the best service and support to help you succeed with your weight loss.
We want to help you get the most from Slimming World and we use your personal information to provide you with the services most relevant to you.
At Slimming World, we’re committed to maintaining confidentiality and protecting your privacy, and this Privacy Promise explains why we need your personal information, what we do with that personal information, and how we ensure it’s kept safe and secure.
We explain the ways in which your personal data is used if you’re:
a member of one of our groups
a group member using our LifelineOnline website and app
a Slimming World Online member
a visitor to our website and app
Who is Slimming World?
Slimming World is the trading name of Miles-Bramwell Executive Services Limited. Company number 01242071.
Registered office: Clover Nook Road, Somercotes, Alfreton, Derbyshire DE55 4SW.
There are a number of Slimming World group companies, however, this is the company you should contact if you have queries. It’s this company that is primarily responsible for making sure your personal information is kept appropriately, safely and securely.
As a business, Slimming World has responsibilities for looking after your personal information. All our employed staff with access to your personal information are trained and aware of their responsibilities for the safe processing of your personal information.
Our group services
Slimming World Consultants are self-employed franchisees operating under licence from Slimming World. They are trained to run their groups by Slimming World. You’re a Slimming World member of your Consultant’s group and they’re responsible for collecting and processing your personal information and any data needed to provide you with their services.
Slimming World as a business and your Consultant have responsibilities for looking after your personal information. All our Consultants are trained and aware of their responsibilities for the safe processing of your personal information.
For the purposes of this Privacy Promise, ‘Slimming World’ refers to Slimming World as a business and our self-employed Consultants.
What information will Slimming World collect about me?
When you join as a member either at one of our groups or online, we need some personal information to manage your membership and to ensure our weight loss services are effective and suitable for you. This information can include:
contact details such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number
information such as your gender or date of birth
information about your medical history and health, including your GP’s name and address, to help us provide guidance and support through the Slimming World programme
throughout your membership we will collect information relating to your weight and your weight loss progress. We may also record other personal details provided by you, which we will use to help provide you with the most effective weight loss support
You can only become a member if it’s appropriate and safe to do so, and we fully understand that this information is personal and needs to be kept secure and private.
If you participate in, access or sign up to any of Slimming World’s services, activities or online content, such as newsletters, competitions, live chats, message boards, web and mobile notifications, or telephone or text Slimming World, or create an account using our online registration system, we may receive personal information about you.
This can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number, gender or date of birth, as well as information collected about your use of Slimming World services (such as what you read or watch on the Slimming World website).
If you’ve joined your Slimming World group as part of a Slimming World on Referral scheme, we may also require additional information related to your membership, which the referring organisations use for statistical purposes.
Where we provide personalised services we may ask your permission to review third-party data about you,
for example, your Twitter or Facebook feeds, to get to know you better and to provide more effective personalisation.
Some of our services enable you to sign in via a third-party service, such as Facebook. If you choose to sign in via a third-party app, you will be presented with a dialog box which will ask your permission to allow Slimming World to access your personal information (eg your full name, date of birth, email address and any other information you have made publicly accessible). Please note that any information that is not required by the particular service you have opted to use will not be retained by Slimming World.
Slimming World collects information about how you use Slimming World apps, Slimming World websites or other Slimming World content online, and the device(s) you use to access the services. This includes collecting unique online identifiers such as IP addresses (numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet). Occasionally we may record your on-screen activity to help develop and improve our members’ digital experience. Any data we collect in this way is completely anonymous. For details of how to opt out of our screen recordings visit
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
For details of the cookies we use on the Slimming World websites and apps, including screen recordings, see our full
Cookies Policy.
Incoming and outgoing telephone calls
Slimming World has a telephone system that is capable of recording conversations. Incoming and outgoing telephone calls may be recorded for the legitimate interests of quality monitoring and training purposes. This may include calls involving business mobile devices. The voice recording system will be operated with due regard for the privacy of individual employees and callers to Slimming World.
All employees working in areas where call recording is activated are aware of its use. Employees can disable call recording and are trained and aware of the process required. If no pre-recorded message is available, employees must inform the caller that their call is being recorded.
If a caller objects or requests the call is not recorded, then the recording feature must be disabled and confirmed to the caller.
When handling telephone enquiries involving card payment details, employees must disable the call recording function before requesting such details.
All recordings are retained by Slimming World for a maximum period of three months and are not shared with any third parties or used in any way for marketing or promotional activities.
Our use of Salesforce
Slimming World uses a third party online platform called Salesforce to manage and record details of enquiries made to our customer support teams. To improve the service we offer to our members, when you enter into a live chat with our member support team we will store the details you provide within Salesforce. The information you share with us can be deleted at your request.
Salesforce also manages all email contact we have with you as a member or subscriber, including marketing emails. You’ll find more information about this in the ‘Will I be contacted for marketing purposes’ section of this Privacy Policy.
All information processed within Salesforce is in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Other information
Sometimes we will ask you for additional personal information, and sometimes sensitive personal information (eg if you’ve entered a competition or sent in your story to be used in our magazine or for publicity). When we do this we only use the personal information with your explicit consent, and we will provide further information at the time about why we’re collecting your information and how we’ll use it.
If you’re the parent or guardian of a child under 18
Our online membership services are only suitable for adults aged 18 years and over.
Our Consultants’ group membership services are suitable for adults and young adults aged 16 and 17, including access to additional online support via LifelineOnline.
What if my success story is selected for the magazine or publicity?
We will ask you to sign a Member Consent Form outlining:
Ways in which we may share your story
The reach of your potential audience
What personal information we may wish to include
Your part in the approval process
We promise that we will not publish information that:
Reveals your physical or online address or any other information that allows a reader to directly contact you, unless you give us permission to publish your social media handle.
Gives medical or other personal information that is not directly relevant to your weight loss story.
Identifies children or any other young person without their parents’ or legal guardians’ consent.
Identifies any other person without that person’s consent – eg your spouse or partner, your friends or other relatives.
We will store your information in relation to your story as follows:
Your personal information and photographs (provided by you and/or commissioned by us) in relation to your weight loss story will be held on our secure head office servers located in the UK.
Your contact details will be held on Slimming World’s database in case we need to contact you regarding your weight loss story in future. This database is stored on our secure head office servers located in the UK.
We may transfer and store your weight loss story, photographs and contact details outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes set out in this consent form. Where we use your weight loss story for international publicity we will do our best to ensure your information is held safely on secure servers that comply with our Data Protection Promise and only used for the purposes covered by your consent.
If you have any concerns about what you are agreeing to, please discuss this with a member of the Slimming World Head Office team dealing with your story.
If you have any concerns about the use of your data,
contact the Data Protection Officer
.
How will Slimming World use the information it collects about me?
Slimming World (and for group members your Consultant) will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
To provide you with our services and administer your membership. Without this information Slimming World would be unable to offer you our service and support and we will be unable to accept you as a member. When you join Slimming World you’re agreeing to our terms and conditions, including this Privacy Promise.
To provide our online content, services and activities, or to provide you with information about them and to deal with your requests and enquiries.
To contact you in relation to our weight loss services. We will not send you unrelated marketing material, nor will we transfer your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
To provide our website Nearest Group service, we ask for a postcode.
To ensure we’re publishing content users need and want, the Slimming World website collects information about your usage of our site. We only use this information in aggregated form (so that no individuals are identified) for improving our online services. For more information, read our
Cookies Policy
.
To provide you with the most user-friendly online navigation experience.
For ‘service administration purposes’, which means that Slimming World may contact you for reasons related to the service, activity or online content you’ve signed up for (eg to give you password reminders, to notify you that a particular service, activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance, to notify you of updates to our Privacy Promise or Terms of Use, or to let you know if your Slimming World account has become dormant and to ask if you’d like to use it again before we close it).
We may analyse the information you supply, as well as your activity, so we can offer a more tailored service. For example, we could use your website viewing history to provide personalised menu recommendations.
When using our digital services, or if you’ve subscribed to our email newsletters, we may use your information to inform you of special offers and provide other marketing information which we think you may find of interest. If you’d rather not receive this information, you can opt-out by simply clicking the link to unsubscribe at the bottom of any marketing emails.
To contact you about a submission you’ve made, including any content you provide. For additional information, please see our
Terms Of Use
.
To process your magazine subscription through Select Publisher Services, who manage and process your subscription.
To use IP addresses and device identifiers to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use; to establish the number of visits from different countries, and to determine where you’re accessing our services from. If you access our services from outside the UK, you may be redirected to the appropriate Slimming World website for the country/territory you’re in.
Slimming World also keeps your personal information as a member for use as part of our scientific or historical research purposes to develop our methods and services. Access is carefully restricted and controlled and the information will only be used in the research and development of our weight loss services. As part of our research, we may work in partnership with other research bodies, such as universities.
We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
Where we record an incoming or outgoing call, under normal circumstances the call will not be retrieved or monitored unless:
- it is necessary to investigate a complaint
- it is part of a performance-management check that customer service standards are being met
- there is a threat to the health and safety of staff or visitors, or for the prevention or detection of crime
- it is necessary to check compliance with regulatory procedures
- it will improve standards in call handling through use in the training and coaching of employees. Use of any recording for training purposes in this way will only be permitted if the recording is edited so that the caller remains anonymous and the employee who was party to the call agrees to its being used in this way
Where Slimming World proposes using your personal information for any other uses, we will ensure that we notify you first and, if necessary, seek your consent.
Your Slimming World Online or LifelineOnline account
If you’ve registered for a Slimming World online account, all your information is stored in a single database for use by all of our web services.
Where you provide personal data, including health information, through Slimming World Online or LifelineOnline, we may use this information to provide you with tailored features and functionality.
When you post in our online community we may use or reproduce the content. For details of how we would use this community content, see our
Terms Of Use
.
If you decide to move your membership from a Slimming World group membership to Slimming World Online, there are some important things to remember:
Your Slimming World Consultant operates as a self-employed franchisee under licence from Slimming World. You’re a Slimming World member of your Consultant’s group and the transfer does not delete your group record or personal information.
As a Slimming World Online member, your membership is administered and processed by Slimming World.
If you no longer want your group record or personal information retained, please contact your Consultant or refer to point 15 of this policy, ‘Can I delete my data?’.
We may use carefully selected third parties to help improve the quality of our online offering, and to help us shape the creation of new services by storing, tracking and analysing user preferences and trends, and to ensure that your use of our online products and services is right for you.
At all times Slimming World is the owner of the information collected through our online products and services.
We work with two payment gateways – MasterCard and Adyen – for our online payments. MasterCard and Adyen process your payment information on our behalf, details such as credit/debit card numbers are not stored by us.
As someone who has registered for a Slimming World Online or LifelineOnline account, on occasion Slimming World may invite you to take part in research studies. Your participation is entirely voluntary and you’ll always be asked for your consent before taking part.
When you visit slimmingworld.co.uk or use our website to log in to Slimming World Online or LifelineOnline, we use cookies to store a little bit of information about you while you’re using the website or, in some instances, to make your next visit even easier for you. You’ll find more details in our full
Cookies Policy
.
When will Slimming World contact me?
To ensure we're delivering the best possible experience, Slimming World may contact you about a service, activity or any online content you’ve signed up for. The service messages will help you administer your membership and provide guidance and support for your weight loss journey. Examples include:
Weigh-in reminders for Slimming World Online members.
Membership newsletters that make up a key part of your paid-for group or online service. These may be personalised based on the preferences you've shared with us.
Requests to verify your email when you sign up for an online account, or to help you reset your password.
If you’re a group member, your Consultant may also contact you directly about any service they provide, or to tell you about changes to their group time or date, for example. If you don’t attend their group regularly they may send you reminder emails of their services while your details remain on our database as a member (see the section, ‘How long will Slimming World keep my information?’).
As these service messages are necessary for your ongoing membership you're unable to unsubscribe from them.
We may also contact you for the following reasons:
to reply to queries or complaints you make about Slimming World's products or services
about any contribution you’ve submitted to Slimming World, eg on any message boards or via text or voicemail message
to invite you to take part in surveys about Slimming World services (participation is always voluntary)
to update you on any material changes to our policies and practices
for marketing purposes, as set out in the section ‘Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?’
We will never contact you to ask for your Slimming World account password, or other login information. Please be cautious if you receive emails or calls from people asking for this information and claiming to be from Slimming World.
If you've joined your Slimming World group as part of a Slimming World on Referral scheme, we may also have additional obligations to contact you as required by the referring organisation. This will normally be at specific intervals after your membership has commenced, for example at six or 12 months after you start your membership, and will be a part of the terms and conditions of the referring organisation. These additional obligations will have been explained to you by the referring organisation or by Slimming World, depending upon the joining process.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
Slimming World will only send you marketing emails or contact you where you’ve agreed to this. We promise we never sell or share your personal information for marketing or promotion of any third-party products.
When you join one of our groups your Consultant will only send you emails about the services they provide. If you don’t attend their group regularly they may send you reminder emails while your details remain on our database as a member (see the section ‘How long will Slimming World keep my information?’).
When you become a member of Slimming World your email address is added to our database and we may use your email to contact you directly about our services, products or information that we believe might interest you. If your membership lapses we may send you reminder emails of our services while your details remain on our database as a member (see the section ‘How long will Slimming World keep my information?’).
When you sign up for our marketing emails via our website or apps, we add your email address to our database and may use your email address to contact you directly about services, products or information we believe might interest you. We use Salesforce Marketing Cloud to send these emails and you can unsubscribe from these at any time using the link in the email.
If you have one of our apps on your mobile device, we may also notify you about services, products or information we believe might interest you through push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
As part of your Slimming World membership, you'll receive service emails (eg receipts, notifications about your membership, weigh-in reminders) and important messages to help you lose weight, achieve your dream target and stay slim for life, regardless of whether you've opted in to receiving marketing emails.
Will Slimming World share my personal information with anyone else?
The success of the Slimming World business depends upon your trust and we do not sell or share your personal information for marketing or promotion of third-party products.
If you’re a group member, your personal information is shared between your Consultant and Slimming World. As a self-employed franchisee, if your Consultant is not available to attend your group, including holiday and sickness, they will make arrangements for another suitable person to cover their group, and your information would be shared with that person. If your Consultant leaves their franchise, Slimming World would look to make arrangements for another Consultant to cover your group. In either case, your information is only shared for the same purpose – to provide you with the Slimming World service. All requirements of this Privacy Policy will still apply.
Where we want to use your personal information for Slimming World publicity or marketing, we will only do so with your explicit consent, including where this involves the sharing of personal information with a third party.
If you joined your Slimming World group as part of a Slimming World on Referral scheme, we have to share your information with the referring organisation as part of our duties under the referral scheme.
Sometimes Slimming World uses third parties to process your information on our behalf, for example, to provide our online services or for analysis. Slimming World requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and we demand that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way.
If you subscribe to
Slimming World Magazine
we share your details with Select Publisher Services, who manage and process your subscription. Select Publisher Services collect and process information related to your subscription, you can review their Privacy Policy here:
Privacy Policy - Select Publisher Services
As part of our research, we may work in partnership with other research bodies such as universities. Wherever possible we ensure personal information is anonymised. Where the sharing of personal information is necessary for that research, we ensure the security and confidentiality of your data in accordance with this Privacy Promise.
Third-party advertising and marketing
We may share your hashed email address and other identifiers such as name, location, phone number and browsing behaviour with our marketing partners, and other third-party service providers to assist with our targeting advertising on their sites, apps or social networks. The hashed data does not allow you to be identified or contacted. We use this service to reach new target audience groups which are similar to our existing clients based on their characteristics and other identifiers.
We and our partners compare demographic information including interests and social connections to segment groups based on an automated advanced matching technique of similarities in their profiles. This process can happen in real-time and the matching can be performed independently of the device you are using. In particular, we may use Facebook, Instagram and Google custom audiences which match personal data against platform user data that it already controls to target ads.
You can activate and deactivate these Custom Audiences, Pixels and similar technologies via our website cookie banner. You can also use browser-based ad blockers to prevent Facebook, and others, from tracking your data.
Slimming World has no influence on the advanced matching processes on which data is evaluated by the third party for the purpose of creating reference groups.
You'll find further information on the advertising and targeting process in our
Cookie policy
or in the privacy policies of Facebook, Instagram and Google.
Slimming World Online virtual groups privacy information
When you attend one of our Slimming World Online virtual groups, we'll continue to make sure your personal information is safe and secure and only used for the purposes of providing our services. There are, however, some additional things you should be aware of, which we've outlined below.
The virtual group service may include some or all of these elements:
virtual groups run via Zoom
Facebook Live events on your closed Facebook group
one-to-one support by telephone, to keep us updated with a record of your weight losses
These services are meant for Slimming World members only. Because we're working with third parties, like Facebook and Zoom, there are some elements of the service that we can't claim responsibility for, though. For example, we're unable to restrict access to a Zoom call if someone else has the Zoom link, so to protect yourself and your fellow members, it's important you don't forward the link or share it with non-members.
To respect the privacy of your fellow members,
never record, screenshot or post on social media
anything that happens in a virtual group or Facebook Live event. If you do choose to share personal information during a virtual group on Zoom or through a Facebook Live event, please bear in mind that we can't control how other members in the group use your information.
Please rest assured that we will never record virtual groups without your agreement.
If you have any concerns, you can review the privacy policies of Zoom at
https://zoom.us/privacy
and Facebook at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
If you have any questions please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at
dpa.officer@slimmingworld.co.uk
Offensive or inappropriate content on Slimming World websites, social media pages etc
If you post or send content which may reasonably be deemed offensive, inappropriate or objectionable anywhere on Slimming World websites or social media pages, or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any Slimming World service, we may remove such content.
Where Slimming World reasonably believes that you are, or may be, in breach of any applicable laws, for example on hate speech, Slimming World may disclose your personal information to relevant third parties, including to law enforcement agencies or your internet provider. Slimming World would only do so in circumstances where such disclosure is permitted under applicable laws, including data protection law.
What if I’m a user aged under 18?
You can join our group services as a Young Adult member from ages 16 to 17 and we do not require your parent’s or guardian’s consent. In terms of privacy and data protection you will be treated in the same way as any other standard member and shown the Privacy Promise Summary before you join. However, we’ll ensure you understand how your personal data will be used and give you the opportunity to ask questions if there are any points you don’t understand.
How long will Slimming World keep my information?
We will only hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service you’ve signed up for.
As a member, the personal information you give us will be kept for a maximum period of 36 months after your last attendance in group or last online activity as an online member. During this period your details are retained as a lapsed member in case you want to reactivate your membership. We know from our experience that many members want to reactivate their membership and retain their previous weight loss journey. We may contact you about the service you’ve signed up for during this period. If you’re a group member, your Consultant may contact you about the service you’ve signed up for during this period.
In addition, some personal information is held for longer:
as part of our research to help us develop our methods and services. In this case, access is carefully restricted. The information is used only for statistical purposes and is held only as long as is necessary to complete the research
if you joined as part of a Slimming World on Referral scheme. Your information will be kept for statistical purposes during the period of the referral scheme and for a maximum period of 12 months after the end of the scheme
Where we obtain your consent to use your personal information for publicity or promotional purposes, including:
in
Slimming World Magazine
on social media
on our websites
we will retain that information until such time as you withdraw your consent, or the information is no longer suitable for the intended purpose. We will review the personal information held for publicity or promotional on at least an annual basis to identify what is no longer suitable for this purpose so it can be deleted.
How secure is my personal information?
We follow strict security procedures in the processing and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access and as required by data protection legislation.
At Slimming World, we understand the value of security and have implemented security policies, rules and robust physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal information we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use and disclosure, unauthorised destruction or accidental loss.
The personal information and data held on laptops and other equipment used in group is protected from unauthorised access. All data electronically transferred is encrypted and sent by secure methods.
Wherever we use a carefully selected third party to help provide our services, we will always ensure your personal information is processed to the same strict security procedures as indicated in this policy.
Personal information and data stored at Slimming World Head Office is held on secure servers.
Do you transfer my data to another country?
All personal information in relation to our digital platforms is stored on secure servers within the UK or EEA. If we use your success story for the magazine or publicity we may transfer data outside the EEA (see the ‘What if my success story is selected for the magazine or publicity?’ section for more details)
Slimming World operates internationally through a group of companies. These companies are all responsible for the personal information which they collect, and which is processed on their behalf by Slimming World.
Where the personal information of a data subject from the European Economic Area is controlled and processed by Slimming World companies in the UK, appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure the rights and privileges of the data subject are protected.
All Slimming World companies and Franchisee Consultants are committed to your privacy and to make sure your personal information is secure, and we strictly enforce privacy safeguards within all our companies.
Can I delete my data?
We recognise you always have a choice, and that you have chosen Slimming World is special and important to us. You can decide how you use our services and what information you provide to us.
If you stop attending group or subscribing to our online service (ie you cease to be an active member), we still retain your personal information in accordance with our retention policy (see the section: ‘How long will Slimming World keep my information?’).
However, we will consider requests to delete data, unless we have a legal right or obligation to retain your information. For example, we may retain information about your customer identity, such as name and payment history, to help us manage any financial queries that you might raise with us in the future. Furthermore, we may retain personal information for scientific research, or an anonymised version of your personal information. Any use of this personal information would only continue as permitted under this policy.
If you ask us to delete your personal information while you’re an active member, this may result in you no longer being able to continue as a member of Slimming World.
If you’d like us to cancel your membership, delete your personal information, or if you don’t want us to share any information we hold about you with third parties, contact:
for online members, contact our support team by live chat or by phone on 0344 892 0430
for group members, please contact your Consultant, or customer services at Slimming World Head Office on 0344 897 8000
Can I find out what personal information Slimming World holds about me?
Under the data protection legislation you have the right to request a copy of the personal information Slimming World (including your Consultant) holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
Please contact us if:
you’re worried that any information we may hold about you is incorrect
you want to see what personal information we hold about you (and receive a copy)
you have any queries regarding the accuracy or the processing of your data (including any misuse or unauthorised use)
you want to withdraw your consent where any processing is based upon consent
We may require you to confirm your identity with two forms of approved identification such as:
passport
driving licence
utility bill (from the last three months)
current vehicle registration document
bank statement (from the last three months)
You have the right to see whatever information we hold about you. Please send your request to the Data Protection Officer (contact details below) and we will respond to your request promptly and always within 30 days.
We will use reasonable efforts consistent with our legal duty to supply, correct or delete personal information we hold about you.
Please address any requests and questions about this Privacy Promise to:
Email:
dpa.officer@slimmingworld.co.uk
In writing to:
Attn. of John Pusey
Data Protection Officer
Slimming World
Clover Nook Road
Somercotes
Alfreton
Derbyshire
DE55 4SW
What if I’m accessing Slimming World websites from outside the UK?
Slimming World websites in the UK are published by Slimming World as slimmingworld.co.uk. You can access slimmingworld.co.uk from outside of the UK by searching for this domain name.
Web browser cookies – our Cookies Policy
What is a cookie?
Cookies help us remember you and show you content we think you’ll like.
Our
Cookies Policy
covers Slimming World’s use of any personal information we collect from you via the following online services:
any Slimming World website that links to the Cookies Policy
Slimming World apps
This policy explains:
what information we might collect about you
how we use the information we collect about you
how we use cookies and tracking on the Slimming World websites and apps and how you can manage cookies yourself
How we use cookies
When you visit slimmingworld.co.uk or use our website to log in to LifelineOnline or Slimming World Online, we use cookies to store a little bit of information about you while you’re using the website, or, in some instances, to make your next visit even easier for you.
Here are a few examples of how we use cookies:
If you tick the box ‘Remember my username’ when you log in to the website, we’ll place a cookie on your computer so you don’t have to enter your username again each time you come back.
If you’re a member of Slimming World Online or a Slimming World group and you use LifelineOnline, we need to use a cookie to remember that you logged in – otherwise you wouldn’t see any member-only pages.
Because we want to offer you the best possible service online, we also use cookies to collect anonymous information about how visitors use our website: eg what features they read, if our forms are easy to complete and what time of day they like to come and see us.
Similar technologies are also often used within emails to understand whether the email has been read or if any links have been clicked.
For details of the cookies we use on the Slimming World websites and apps (including screen recordings), see our full
Cookies Policy
.
Apps and devices
When you download or use Slimming World apps on your mobile device, information may be accessed from or stored to your device.
This information is used in a similar way to a web browser cookie, such as enabling the app to store a little bit of information about you while you’re using the app, or, in some instances, to make your next visit even easier for you.
Your web browser or device may also provide Slimming World with information about your device, such as a device identifier or IP address. Device identifiers may be collected automatically, such as the device ID, IP address, MAC address, IMEI number and app ID (a unique identifier relating to the particular version of the app you’re running).
When you sign in to a Slimming World app, your sign-in details may be stored securely on the device so you can access other Slimming World apps on the same device without needing to enter your sign-in details again.
If you have any concerns about the information which might be accessed from or stored on your device by Slimming World, you should consider only accessing our content through a web browser on your PC or laptop, and review your web browser settings (see our
Cookies Policy
).
Consultant recruitment
If you express an interest in becoming a Slimming World Consultant we collect your personal information to assess your application, and to use during your interview if you’re invited to one. We won’t use it for any other purposes without your consent. We may also review personal information from your Slimming World member record.
When using the online recruitment application system we may use cookies. For more information, see our
Cookies Policy
.
Your personal information will be shared with the local Slimming World manager and employees assisting with the recruitment process. Some information will also be shared with the local Team Developer as part of their responsibilities in the recruitment process.
We do not share your personal information with third-party companies.
Slimming World will take reasonable steps to ensure that we retain your personal data only for so long as is necessary for the recruitment process for which it was collected, or as required under any contract or by applicable law.
Changes to Slimming World’s Privacy Promise
Slimming World may update this Privacy Promise from time to time, so you may wish to check it each time you log on to our website or submit personal information to Slimming World.
We will include the date of any changes or updates on this page.
If you do not agree to any of the changes or updates, please don’t continue to use Slimming World websites or to submit personal information to Slimming World. You should contact the
Data Protection Officer
to discuss your concerns.
If important changes are made to the Privacy Promise, for instance affecting how we’d like to use your personal information, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for some services, email notification of Privacy Promise changes).If you're a Slimming World member (group or online), we will notify you of any important changes or updates via your Consultant or by email.
Contacting Slimming World about this Privacy Promise
If you’re worried that any information we may hold about you is incorrect, then please let Slimming World or your Consultant know and we/they will update our records.
Please contact Slimming World’s Data Protection Officer if you:
have any questions or comments about this Privacy Promise
want to withdraw your consent for any purpose for which it has been provided
are concerned about the misuse or unauthorised use of your personal information
If you’re within the UK, please address any requests and questions about this Privacy Promise to:
Email:
dpa.officer@slimmingworld.co.uk
In writing to:
Attn. of John Pusey
Data Protection Officer
Slimming World
Clover Nook Road
Somercotes
Alfreton
Derbyshire
DE55 4SW
If you’re unhappy or dissatisfied with our response to any concerns you have raised about the security or use of information we hold in relation to you, you can complain to the appropriate supervisory authority. In the UK, this is the
Information Commissioner
’
s Office
.
Privacy preference centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information doesn’t usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change the default settings. Just be aware that blocking certain cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we’re able to offer.
You can read our cookie policy here.
Allow all cookies
Manage consent preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and can’t be switched off. Without them, we can’t provide you with the services you’ve asked for, for example, you wouldn’t be able to set your privacy preferences, log in or fill in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies don’t store any information which personally identifies you.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All the information these cookies collect is anonymous. If you don’t allow these cookies, we won’t know when you’ve visited our site and we won’t be able to monitor its performance.
Functional cookies
These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation on the website and app. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we’ve added to our pages. If you don’t allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set by our advertising partners and are used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They don’t store personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you don’t allow these cookies, you’ll experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Our Cookies
We use cookies (not the chocolate chip kind!) to bring you the best possible online experience. Please agree to the use of cookies by clicking on allow all cookies, or you can set your preferences by clicking on manage cookies.
Allow all cookies
Manage cookies