WeTalk Privacy Policy
(Last updated on Dec 06, 2021)
WePhone Apps Inc., a company doing business under the name WeTalk, owns and manages the Platform. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, WePhone Apps Inc. shall be referred to as “
WeTalk
” or “
we
” or “
us
” or “
our
” or other similar pronouns.
WeTalk takes your privacy matters very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”). This Policy details how we receive, collect and use information in connection with our website located at Wetalkapp.com (the “
Site
”), the WeTalk VoIP software (“
WeTalk App
”), and other products and services provided on the Wetalkapp.com website (all of the foregoing, collectively, the “
Services
”).
1. Collection and Use of Information
WeTalk Application
When you install the WeTalk App , you may be asked to set your phone number (collectively, “
Personal Information
”). A copy of the phone numbers will be stored on our servers and will only be used to:
(a) support caller id display when you enable it ,
(b) we may also create a function in the future that will use this data to facilitate your use .
WeTalk also maintains a Call Detail Record (CDR – see
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Call_detail_record
) for each call conducted on the system. These are industry standard records used by all phone companies. We maintain this information in order to better understand network behavior and trends (numbers of calls made by users, typical destinations, call lengths, network type, etc.), detect potential outages and technical issues (this helps us notice things like a drop in call volume in a certain geography, a shift in call length, a change in typical networks, etc.) and for public safety reasons. All log analysis is done in an anonymous, aggregate, non-personally identifiable manner. We may look into a specific Call Detail Record in response to a customer support request.
Audio calls by users are transmitted either directly from user to user or, if direct transmission is not possible (due to, for example, firewalls), WeTalk servers are used to transmit the call. In the latter scenario, the information transmitted is stored briefly in volatile memory (RAM) solely to enable the transmission of the call to the other user. WE DO NOT RECORD ANY PART OF YOUR CALL IN OUR SERVER.
(1) Contacts Information
You need to allow WeTalk to access your address book in your mobile device. A simplified copy of the address book with information such as name, phone number, and ringtone of each contact will be stored on the WeTalk servers. The phone numbers of each contact are encrypted. The phone numbers and names of your contacts are used to build your WeTalk friend list.
(2) Personal Information
When you install WeTalk Software on your mobile device, you are required to provide a mobile phone number to receive an access code via SMS. The phone number will be saved on the WeTalk servers. The phone number is also used to discover other WeTalk users who have your phone number in their address book. When you create a WeTalk account, we may ask for personal information, like your name or email address. We may also collect demographic information, such as age, gender, or preferences. We might also ask you to create a publicly-visible profile, which may include your name and photo.
(3) Location Information
Certain WeTalk features require access to the location information on your mobile phone. Some features, such as “Find Nearby Friends” also store your location information in our servers, and share your location information with other WeTalk users. If you are concerned about the privacy of your location information, we recommend you do not use those features.
(4) Device Information
When you install WeTalk on your device, we may automatically collect certain information from your device, including an Android, Apple iOS, or other ID, device maker and model, mobile web browser type and version, IP address, MAC address, the operating system’s maker and version, location information, MCC (Mobile Country Code) information, the mobile application name, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and other technical data about your device.
(5) Usage Information
We automatically collect usage information that does not identify an individual user. For example, when you install WeTalk on your device, we automatically collect information such as your device type, operating system version and type, IP address, certain unique device identifiers (such as Android ID, MAC address, and IDFA) and carrier and other information for your device. We use this information to enhance the services we offer and to help us understand how people use the Service.
(6) Analytic Information
We use third-party analytic tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, WeTalk software screens you access, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytic information with analytic information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual user.
Other Services
In the event we make message boards and forums available to you (collectively, “Forums”), you will be solely responsible for the information and any other content you post on and through these Forums and should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., name, e-mail address, telephone number) on or through these Forums, such information is generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, other users. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties, and such messages are beyond our control. We do not exercise control over any users or Site visitors, and in no way are we responsible, and have any liability whatsoever, for any collection or use of information you may disclose through the Forums. This Policy does not cover such disclosure of information. You are encouraged to exercise discretion when providing personal information about yourself in and through Forums. Please do not post any personal information on this Site that you expect to keep private.
Cookies, Clear GIFs and Other Automatically Collected Data
If you have permitted your computer to accept cookies, we may use cookies on the Site. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier by saving preferences and browsing patterns while you are at the Site. Cookies may be used to analyze the Site usage, improve content, customize the Site’s content and layout and for other customer service purposes. A cookie may enable us to relate your use of our Site to other information about you, including your Personal Information. All of these purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Site. Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Site or certain areas or features of the Site.
We may use “clear GIFs” (aka “Web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, in the Site and/or in our communications with you to enable us to evaluate Site usage information about visitors to the Site, target campaigns, upgrade visitor information, and know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a Web page or message. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a Web page or message to other information about you, including your Personal Information.
Our servers may automatically collect data about your Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you are on the Internet. When you request pages from our Site, our servers may log your IP Address and, if applicable, your domain name. Your IP Address is used to help identify you and to gather demographic information about our members and users as a whole, but does not include personally identifiable information. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Site; the web site you visit after this Site; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Site or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our Services. Such information may also be used to gather demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.
We will not link any Personal Information, including e-mail addresses, with aggregate data of our users.
Any or all of these activities with regard to Site usage information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers, including, for example, our analytics vendor(s) and our e-mail management partner(s).
Third-Party Sites and Privacy Practices
You may arrive at our Site and/or download the WeTalk App from another website. In addition, our Site may contain links that will let you leave our Site and access another website. Websites linked to or from our Site are not under the control of WeTalk and it is possible that these websites have a different privacy policy. Our Policy applies solely to Personal Information that is acquired on the Site or through your use of our Services, and/or your relationship with WeTalk. We urge you to be careful when you enter any personal information online. We accept no responsibility or liability for these other websites.
2. Sharing and Disclosure of Information
We do not rent, sell, or share any information about the user with any third-parties. We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe such action is necessary to:
(a) comply with the law, or legal process served on us;
(b) protect and defend our rights or property (including the enforcement of our agreements); or
(c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our services or members of the public.
We may use Apple’s Push Notification Service to notify you about our apps. If we do, the personal information may be part of the message. This message is sent to Apple Inc., for delivery to your iPhone.
3. Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. We operate our Site in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We never knowingly, directly or indirectly, collect or maintain Personal Information at or on our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Site is directed at or structured to attract anyone under 13. Visitors younger than 13 years of age may NOT use the Services (including the WeTalk App) and must LEAVE immediately.
4. Security
We take reasonable precaution to protect Personal Information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. Although we cannot guarantee that Personal Information will not be subject to unauthorized access, we have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in place to protect Personal Information. Personal Information is stored on our servers and protected by secured networks to which access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
5. Business Transitions
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. As part of such a transaction the new entity will be required to commit to the same level of protection of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we cannot obtain such a commitment, we will not perform the business transition.
We will post a notice on this Site of any such change in ownership or control of the Personal Information we may have prior to such transfer.
6. Changes to Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time with or without notice. We will post the revised Policy on the Site, so that users can always be aware of what information we collect, how the information is used and under what circumstances such information may be disclosed. You agree to review the Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the Site indicates your assent to any changes and signifies your agreement to the terms of our Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use the Site, the WeTalk App, or any of the other Services.
7. Change or Removal of Information
Due to technological reasons, we do not know when and if you delete the application. Therefore, if we detect no activity from your device for 60 days, we will assume that you deleted the application and we will remove your data from our servers. However, since we are not certain that you deleted the application (you may just be on vacation, etc.) we will not deactivate your WeTalk account (which is your phone number and device ID). We do not want to force you to register again in the event of non-use.
8. Contact Information
Please direct all questions in connection with this Policy via e-mail to
support@wetalkapp.com