Chess Time
Other Pages
Favorites / Account Features
Rated / Unrated / Takeback and more
Rating Levels
FAQ
Support
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
This policy applies to all applications and websites from Haptic Apps LLC.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Haptic Apps LLC does not own or control, or to people that
            Haptic Apps LLC does not employ or manage.
Personal Information and Activity Data
We may use technologies like cookies (small files stored on your browser) or unique device identifiers
        to identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems may also log/collect information
        like your browser, operating system, device type, and IP address.
We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your email address.
        We may use your geographic location. To customize our service for you, we and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data,
        including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify
        you and is used only to provide and improve our service.
Managing information
Users are able to request the deletion of their Haptic Apps accounts within the application. This request can be made
        under the account screen and by tapping ‘delete account’ option. Deleting an account will remove personally identifiable
        information from the account as well as any chat messages created with that account. The games will remain since they
        are associated with multiple accounts.
Retention
We may keep data indefinitely.
Sharing Personal information
We generally do not share personally identifiable information with other companies.
Accounts with a linked email address
A user is not required to provide an email address to use our applications. If a user decides to link their email address, it
        is only used to identify their account, request a password reset, to enhance the user experience, and/or for support
        by Haptic Apps. Contacting our support line may use Yahoo, Google, or other services to facilitate the support. Automated
        emails such as for a password reset are processed via an external provider.
Advertisers
To support our applications we use a variety of Ad companies. Depending on your version of our application and device
        type, one or more of the following Ad companies may be serving Advertisements. Ad companies may use and collect anonymous
        data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and
        location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity.
Our Policies Concerning Children
Our websites, games, and apps, are not designed for children under 13.
Children under the age of 13 should not use our websites or games at any time. Accounts created with Haptic Apps are
        not allowed to be used by children. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. In the event
        that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 13, we will take
        reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.
Licensing
Pro versions may access anonymous data (such as device ID) to help us validate the product license.
This information is not shared with other companies.
Analytics
Haptic Apps may access anonymous data to understand how services are used. This data is used on our behalf to improve
        the user experience.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these
            limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3)
            when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser
            in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Modification / Revocation of Consent
For our applications that are showing advertising within GDPR countries,
        GDPR users may modify thier consent by opening the side navigation bar and
        selecting 'Advertising Consent' within the application.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
        These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.