Data protection at BIL
More informations
On camera
Your data
Access and sharing
Your rights
Cookies
Security
In practice
Contact
We care about your privacy!
We promise to collect and process your personal
data transparently
We control access to and sharing of your data to ensure
its protection
We ensure that you are able to exercise your rights under
the best conditions
We use cookies with your
consent
We ensure
the security
of the data that you entrust to us
Contact
Your personal data
What information is classed as personal data?
Personal data refers to any information about you and which can be used to identify you directly or indirectly.
As part of a commercial relationship, we collect and process the following categories of data:
personal identification data
personal details (e.g. gender, date of birth)
official identification data
electronic identification data
bank and financial identification data
data relating to your financial situation
transaction data
images and sound recording data, particularly in the case of telephone recordings and digital onboarding
This is data that is both provided to us directly by you and generated by using our services.
How do we process your personal data and why?
We collect and process your personal data for various reasons:
to meet our legal obligations (“know your customer”, anti-money laundering and terrorist financing, regulatory reporting, etc.)
to arrange the contractual documentation needed to offer you suitable products and services
to provide you with the best possible client support and propose relevant financial products and services
We only gather information that is necessary to achieve these objectives and we limit the length of time that your data is stored to that needed to fulfil our legal obligations.
To help us serve you better, we also use profiling to identify our various client categories based on the products/services used and/or banking behaviour. In particular, this allows us to better understand you and therefore customise our commercial offering to meet your individual expectations.
When do we collect your personal data?
We collect your data throughout our commercial relationship with you. The vast majority of data collection takes place when you open your account. The interactions you have with your Relationship Manager also offer us an opportunity to ensure this data is up to date and to add to it according to your needs and requests: first job, birth of a child, property purchase, etc.
What are our commitments when it comes to processing your personal data?
We have established a
Personal Data Processing Policy
which describes the data protection measures we have taken, including your rights in this regard.
Accessing and sharing your personal data
Who has access to your personal data?
Only departments with an operational need to access your data are authorised to do so (for example, our colleagues responsible for monitoring commercial relationships, or those in charge of executing transactions). This also includes authorised personnel of the partners with whom we work in the course of providing our services.
Access to your data is strictly limited to people with the necessary authorisation granted to them for the performance of their tasks. These people are bound by a strict obligation of confidentiality. We continuously educate and train our staff and partners on how to protect your personal data.
Is your personal data transferred to third parties?
We may pass your data on to meet a legal obligation or allow trusted partners to provide their services.
As such, we may need to transfer your data to other financial institutions (e.g. banks, insurance firms, payment and credit card issuers) or to external service providers whose involvement is necessary as part of the services we offer you (e.g. our IT service provider).
We undertake not to communicate your data for commercial use to third parties without your prior and express agreement.
What protection exists for transfers outside of the European Economic Area?
In principle, your personal data is stored in the European Economic Area. We will only transfer your data outside the European Economic Area if we are required to pursuant to a legal or regulatory obligation.
We always ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place before transferring your data outside the European Economic Area, such as adopting data protection clauses or even an adequacy decision from the European Commission.
Your personal data protection rights
What are your rights?
We are careful to respect all of your rights with regard to your personal data. For example, you may request access to your data and indeed have it corrected if the data proves to be incomplete or inaccurate.
We respect your rights to limit the processing of this data, object to its use and request its deletion on the terms and within the limits of applicable data protection legislation.
We also promise to respect your right to transfer personal data, i.e. the right to receive the data directly or ask for it to be passed on to another organisation.
How can you exercise your rights with regard to BIL?
You can exercise your rights by completing the
form available here
.
You can always contact our Data Protection Officer if you are not completely satisfied with the answer received. You may also file a complaint with Luxembourg’s National Commission for Data Protection (CNPD) by sending a letter to 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, or by completing the online form which is available on the CNPD’s website under Your rights -> How to assert your rights.
Use of cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent by a server to your device’s hard drive (computer, tablet or smartphone). They allow information about your web browsing behaviour to be tracked in order to optimise the website’s functions and to enhance your experience by customising the webpages.
How do cookies work?
They are stored by the website manager in a dedicated folder on your device. In particular, they contain the name of the server they were sent from, a unique identifier and in some cases an expiry date.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies allow us to improve our website navigation, thereby offering you a comfortable browsing experience and content adapted to your preferences.
BILnet
www.bil.com
Technical cookies
These cookies are not deleted when you close your browser or leave your session. They allow us to remember your preferences (e.g. language) for future visits. We have chosen to limit the lifespan of these cookies to one year.
Session cookies
These cookies allow us to ensure that your session is secure and to identify you. They are deleted when you leave your session or close your browser. We primarily use two cookies (ASPAUTHX and ASPSessionID). They do not contain any personal data; they only contain technical information to facilitate the management of your session.
-
Analytical cookies
These cookies make it possible to collect statistical data about website usage and to obtain information about how to improve our offering.
The information transferred (e.g. IP address and browser type) is saved and processed by Google Analytics. This software is dedicated to the statistical monitoring of website traffic.
Advertising cookies
For the purposes of some of our marketing campaigns, we use advertising cookies from Facebook Pixel, LinkedAds and Google Adwords.
You can prevent such online marketing networks from placing cookies on your device and collecting your data by activating the “opt-out” cookies option.
-
How to manage your cookies
When you first connect to our websites, we will ask for your consent concerning the storage and monitoring of your browsing data, in particular the use of analytical and advertising cookies. If you agree, we will activate cookies for a one-year period. Once this period has elapsed, you will be asked again for your consent.
If you do not give your consent, your page will be updated and we will not collect your browsing data for a two-month period, at the end of which you will be asked again for your consent.
You can manage your technical and session cookies via your browser settings.
What happens if you refuse to let your browser use cookies?
Please note that refusing technical cookies can limit or disable the use of some of our website functions.
Furthermore, refusing session cookies will prevent you from connecting to our online banking website, BILnet.
Is it possible to change your mind about cookies?
You can change your decision about how your browsing data is stored and monitored, including the use of advertising cookies, by
clicking on this link
.
p>If you would like us to delete your visit data (analytical cookies), please clicking on this link to send us your request:
Security
How do we protect your data?
We work on a daily basis to protect your confidential data against any attempted malicious acts and misuse. Security is our priority. Consequently, the technical solutions that we use to store and process your personal data are subject to enhanced surveillance.
In practice
Contact
If you have any questions about data protection, please do not hesitate to write to us at
DPO@bil.com
. Our teams will respond to you with the help of our Data Protection Officer.