About
|
Support
|
Privacy
|
Reviews
|
Press
Terms and Conditions
By using the DrinkControl app you agree to the terms and conditions provided below. The terms of use may change from time to time. We strongly recommend you review this page after every app update.
DrinkControl is distributed by E-protect under Apple's standard software license for iOS apps - the
App Store Licensed Application End User License Agreement (EULA).
The summary below highlights some of the key points of AppStore EULA:
1) App is licensed, not sold, to you. You get a non-transferable license to use the App on any iPhone, iPad or iPod touch that you own or control.
2) You may not redistribute the App (e.g. on a network, where it could be used by multiple users) or resell it.
3) Do not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or try to access or modify the source code of the App. If you do, your license may be terminated, and you may be subject to prosecution and damages.
4) E-protect may change, suspend, remove, disable or limit access to any services offered by E-protect, or third-parties, at any time without notice, and without liability.
5) App comes with NO WARRANTY; it is provided on "as is" and "as available" basis. You use it at your own risk. E-protect is not liable for any losses or damages suffered by you, direct indirect or consequential, by your use of the App.
DrinkControl app serves for entertainment purposes only and
does not provide any professional or medical guidance
. DrinkControl cannot be used as medical advice and it is not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any illnesses, diseases or addictions. DrinkControl should not be used for therapeutic purposes or as a substitute for your health professional's advice.
Before relying on the data in DrinkControl you should carefully evaluate information accuracy, validity, completeness and relevance for your own purposes and obtain any appropriate professional advice relevant to your particular circumstances.
Managing Subscriptions
If you have enabled Premium features in DrinkControl via in-app subscription,
subscription payments
will auto-renew within 24hrs of expiration. You can turn off auto-renew (cancel subscription) at least 24hrs before expiration of your current subscription, or change subscription period by visiting your AppleID
account subscription settings
page on your device.
This Apple Support document explains
how to change subscription plan or cancel subscriptions
.
Privacy Policy
As DrinkControl is distributed via Apple's App Store and runs on iOS, 
       the use of DrinkControl is also subject to the
Apple Privacy Policy
.
Where is my DrinkControl data stored?
All data within the app is for your
personal use only and is stored exclusively in
      your device
(app data also might be saved on the Apple iCloud if you have enabled iCloud backups on your device). We do not store or process your data on our servers.
DrinkControl app does not store any usernames and passwords you use to connect to any Third Parties (for example, if backing up on Dropbox) - the username and password you provide when you login is not stored in the app, but is directly passed to the relevant Third Party.
Certain features of the DrinkControl app allow you to interact and share information with Third Party services or applications (for example, when sharing on social media or with other apps on your phone). If you decide to share your information with any Third Party from your device, E-protect privacy policies shall not apply - any information collected by those websites and applications may be sent to other Third Parties who have their own privacy policies you should review and agree with.
Be informed that
any information you share with Third Parties could be treated as non-confidential
. Always carefully consider the audience viewing any information you share. Sharing stats with your friends or support group might be helpful or fun, but making them accessible to everyone (including your employer) is probably a terrible idea. Think very carefully before sharing anything from DrinkControl publicly.
What information is collected from my use of DrinkControl?
Certain
non-person identifiable information
about how you use DrinkControl app (such as frequency or duration of use, application screens visited, diagnostic messages and errors if the app crashed, etc.) together with general information about your device (model, operating system version, etc.) are shared with Third Parties who provide analytics services that help us understand why app crashed, how the app is used, identify problems early and improve the DrinkControl app experience in future releases.
You can
opt-out from sharing this information
with us on the Settings tab in Privacy section (available since app version 4.12).
We currently use
MixPanel
for collecting anonymized DrinkControl app analytics and
Sentry
for collecting anonymized app crash logs in the DrinkControl app. For MixPanel and Sentry services we use their European Union data centers, and collected data does not include any personally identifiable information.
Changes and Updates
If E-protect makes changes to its Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy, these changes are posted on this page in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. In case of a business transaction in which a portion or all of E-protect business is acquired, we will notify you as described above in this paragraph.
Updated March 4, 2025
• Added separate section about managing in-app subscriptions.
• Due to AppCenter services being discontinued by Microsoft, we have changed provider for collecting anonymized crash/error logs in the DrinkControl app to Sentry.io (since DrinkControl app version 5.9.9).
Updated December 19, 2023
• Added information about MixPanel analytics service used for anonymized app analytics.
• Google Analytics is no longer used for analytics for this website and in the app (since DrinkControl app version 5.9.3).
Updated August 27, 2020
• Added details on subscription renewal/cancellation if Premium features are enabled via monthly/annual subscription.
Updated September 19, 2019
• Updated Terms and Conditions section with link to App Store Licensed Application End User License Agreement (EULA) and short EULA summary.
Updated November 1, 2018
• Added information about Microsoft AppCenter service used for crash logging.
Updated May 8, 2018
• Added information about opting-out from  app analytics sharing.
• Added information about IP address anonymization in analytics.
• Added subsection headers in Privacy Policy for easier reading.
©
E-protect
, 2011-2025   |
support
|
facebook
|
twitter