Last updated: July 23, 2024
At Barstool, the privacy and security of your information is a top priority. We want you to understand how we handle your data. We also want you to know your rights and choices.
This Privacy Policy (
“Policy”
) describes how we handle your data when you use the services listed here:
Barstool Sports website and the Barstool Store
our affiliated websites, such as Stella Blue Coffee and Barstool.tv
our newsletters
our mobile apps, such as One Bite and our OTT apps such as Barstool Bets and Old Row (
“Apps”
)
all related social media pages
anywhere else we gather information about you and refer to this Policy
For simplicity, we collectively call these services the
“Platform”
in this Policy. This Policy is grouped into the following sections:
About us and this Policy
Categories of Personal Information We Collect and Process
Sources of Personal Information We Receive from Others
How We Use Personal Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Retention of Personal Information
Rights Under GDPR
International Data Transfers
Consumer Rights
Use by Minors
How to Contact Us
How we handle your information depends on which service on the Platform you use, and how you use them. This Policy explains the types of information we collect when you use the Platform, how we use information, why we disclose information to other parties, and your rights and controls over information about you. Advertising targeted to you is described under Why We Disclose Information and in our
Cookie Policy
.
We encourage you to read this Policy carefully. Please contact us with any questions.
About Us and this Policy
Barstool
Barstool Sports, Inc. operates the Platform and is referred to in this Policy as
“Barstool”, “we”, “our”
or
“us.”
By using or accessing the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Policy.
About this Policy
When this Policy applies
This Policy is effective as of September 22, 2023 and was last modified on June 23, 2022. (For previous versions of this Policy, please
click here.
) This Policy supplements our Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Platform. Please note, however, that:
If you are a current or former employee or contractor of ours, this Policy does not apply to you. You may contact us about your privacy practices and rights at
hr@barstoolsports.com
.
If we receive your information in our role as a service provider to another business, our agreement with that business governs our use of your information. We will refer any questions or concerns of yours to that business.
Updates to this Policy
Because the Platform changes often, this Policy will change over time. Anytime we modify the Policy, we will post a revised version on the Platform and update the Last Updated date above. If you have given us your contact information, we will notify you before any material changes take effect, so you have time to review them.
Please review this Policy periodically to make sure you’re aware of the current Policy. For any questions about changes to this Policy, please contact us as described in the
"Contact Us"
section below.
Your use of the Platform on or after the Last Updated date above constitutes your acceptance of this Policy. If you do not accept the current Policy, you stop using Platform and request deletion of your Account by contacting us at
privacy@barstoolsports.com
with the subject header “Delete My Account”.
Finally, our use of your information to facilitate advertising targeted to you is described under the
"Disclosure of Personal Information"
section and in our
Cookie Policy
.
Location-specific sections
The Platform operates from the United States, but can be accessed worldwide. Parts of this Policy apply only to residents of specific areas:
California residents should consult the “Rights Under California Law” section.
Residents of countries where GDPR applies, such as most European users, should consult the “Rights under GDPR” section.
All non-U.S. residents should consult the “International Data Transfers” sections.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect and Process
Information you give us
You may use many of our websites and apps and interact with their content without providing any information about yourself. However, to use some aspects of the Platform, you may need or choose to provide us with information about you. Information you provide may fall into these categories and may be provided when you use the Platform in these ways:
Category
Types of data
Examples
Account Data
Name, email address, phone number, shipping and billing address
Establish an account
Subscribe or opt-in to our newsletters, alerts, or other communications
Order products or deliveries from us
Communications
Content of communications
Contact us or otherwise communicate with us in any way, such as to inquire about orders, participate in a contest or promotion and/or redeem any prize you may win
Commercial Information
Order confirmations, invoices, tax data
Purchase products
Order food through one of our apps, such as One Bite
User Content
Images and reviews uploaded through our Apps; comments and other content you post on the Platform
When you instruct us to post content, such as images, reviews or comments, through your Account (including, for example, on the One Bite app). Our
Content Policy
applies to User content.
Please note that if you make a purchase through our Platform, your complete payment information, like your full credit card number, is only collected and processed by our payment processing service provider.
Information collected when you use the Platform
As you use the Platform, we generate technical data about which features you have used, how you have used them, and the devices you used to access our services, including:
Category
Data types and details
Identifiers
Account Data and unique identifiers collected when you use the Platform, including from Service Providers and Third Parties
Protected Classification Characteristics
We do not intentionally collect this information, but it may be revealed in profile data or other information we collect
Commercial Information
Order history and details; limited payment-related information; product browsing history; interactions with store products
Internet Activity
Browsing history on the Platform; inbound and outbound traffic sources and data, including from Service Providers and Third Parties; use of the Platform, such as the pages you visit, the sites you use before or after visiting ours, your actions within the Platform, the content or advertisements you interact with, general location information, time stamps and performance logs and reports.
Device Information
Your device interacting with our Platform, such as its IP address, advertising IDs (randomly generated numbers, resettable through the device’s settings, such as Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID), browser and operating system, internet service provider, and certain device and browser settings.
Inferences
Derived from any other personal information we have collected about you
Geolocation
Imprecise location derived from your IP address or account information; precise geolocation (only collected with your consent)
Sources of Personal Information We Receive from Others
From Our Affiliates
Barstool helps operate certain third-party domains in cooperation with affiliates (our
“Affiliates”
). We may use anonymous, internal identifiers to unify information about your interactions with the Platform and Affiliates’ services. We may also receive information about you from our partners where Barstool ads are published on a partner’s service (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign’s performance).
From Social Networks
If you choose to connect to our Platform through a third-party social network such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or TikTok (a
“Social Network”
), we receive information from your Social Network profile, such as your name, username, and e-mail, and we will use that information in accordance with this Policy. In addition, our Platform may offer features allowing you to “Share”, “Like” or otherwise interact or engage with a Social Network. If you decide to use those features, information may be exchanged with the Social Network. Check the privacy policy of each Social Network before using such features.
From Cookies And Similar Data Technology
When you access certain services, like some of our apps, through a mobile device, you may be asked to share your precise (GPS level) geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience and the content you receive. Please see our
Cookie Policy
to learn how we use cookies and how you can exercise control over them. Please note that if you sign up for our text messaging program from us, cookies may be used to personalize your experience (e.g., send you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders).
By using the Platform, you agree that the Platform will track your activities and use of the Platform as described in the
Cookie Policy
, consistent with and subject to the cookie settings you apply through the Platform and your device.
You may change location sharing settings for each app at the device level at any time.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your information to provide our services, deliver and improve our content and services, to communicate with you, to provide you with advertising that may be of interest to you, and to comply with applicable law. Here is detailed explanation of the various reasons for which we use your information, together with practical examples:
To provide our content and products to you, including via your account
Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Fulfill your orders (such as your Barstool Store orders or Barstool.tv pay-per-view orders)
Communicate with you about our services
To manage your account or fulfill product orders
Register you on the services to allow you to purchase goods or services
Administer your account on new features and apps
To improve our services and develop new ones
Administer focus groups, market studies and surveys
Review interactions with customer teams to improve our quality of service
Develop new content and services
To operate advertising and marketing campaigns
Administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers
Text you, after you have given your consent and only until you withdraw it, about offers, including on a personalized basis.
Customize advertising to you based on technical data and information about you in de-identified or hashed, non-human readable form (which constitute ‘sharing’ or ‘selling’ of your personal information within the meaning of CCPA)
Perform and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services and marketing campaigns off of the Platform
Communicate with you about products or services that we believe may interest you
We also ‘share’ (as defined in CCPA) personal information for commercial purposes, such as to advertise and market our products. We ‘share’ personal information with the third parties described under personalized ads and with your consent or at your request. In addition, those third parties may receive Identifiers, Geolocation about you.
To prevent, detect and fight fraud and other illegal or unauthorized activities
Find and address ongoing, suspected or alleged violations of our Terms of Use
Better understand and design countermeasures against violations of our
Terms of Use
Retain data related to violations of our
Terms of Use
to prevent against recurrences
Enforce or exercise our rights; for example, those in our
Terms of Use
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements. For example, we retain traffic data and data about transactions in line with our accounting, tax and other statutory data retention obligations and to be able to respond to valid access requests from law enforcement.
Assist law enforcement
Disclosure of Personal Information
Since our goal is to help you discover great content and services, the principal sharing of your information is to enhance your experience on the Platform. This section describes how and why we share information with Affiliates, service providers and partners for certain purposes, like consensual direct marketing and legal reasons.
With our Affiliates
As noted above, we may exchange, link or pool user information among Affiliates, but always in accordance with applicable law, applicable agreements and this Policy.
Direct marketing
Only if you opt-in, and only until you opt-out, we may share Account Data about you with third party sponsors or partners, including for their marketing communications. In any event, text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared with any third parties besides our SMS messaging service provider, Klaviyo.
Functional sharing
In addition to the use of trackers described in our
Cookie Policy
, we contract with companies or individuals to provide certain services related to the functionality and features of the Platform, including payment processing, email and hosting services, software development, food ordering/delivery, shipping and fulfillment, data management, surveys and marketing, and administration of contests and other promotions. We call them
“Service Providers.”
We may share information about you, as well as Usage Data and Device Information, with Service Providers as appropriate for them to perform their services for us and our Service Providers are permitted to use your information only for such purposes. In the past twelve (12) months, we have disclosed these types of information to the following types of Service Providers:
Analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, to tell us how the Platform is doing, such as which parts interest visitors and how long they visit before leaving. Among other data, they may receive your IP address.
Various hosting services and data processors to provide the infrastructure of the Platform, such as Cloudflare, which ensures that traffic is from real people, not computers. Among other data, they may receive your IP address.
Payment providers, namely PayPal and ShopPay, to process payments between you and us, such as for subscriptions or products. These providers receive information about your order in order to tie your payment process to your order. We don’t receive all of the information you may provide to them as part of that process (for instance, we don’t receive full payment-account numbers).
Delivery and fulfillment providers, namely Shopify, to fulfill your orders placed on the Barstool Sports Store and other Platforms. These providers receive information about you that is relevant and necessary to fulfill your order, such as delivery information.
SMS messaging platform and delivery providers, such as Klaviyo and the phone companies who assist us in the delivery of text messages, to deliver text messages to you in connection with Platform marketing campaigns that you have opted in to receive. For additional info regarding SMS data, please see our
Messaging Terms
.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information. We also disclose information in response to your requests, such as to associate your account with your Social Network account.
For personalized ads
We share information with advertising partners to make the advertising presented to you more relevant to you. In the past twelve months, we have shared these categories of personal information with third parties to personalize advertising:
Device Information
Commercial Information
Internet Activity
Technical
Finally, we may use and share non-personal information (meaning information that does not identify you, such as device information, general demographics, general behavioral data and imprecise geolocation in de-identified and/or encrypted form) under any of the above circumstances. We may also share this information with our Affiliates and other third parties (notably advertisers) to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our services and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see. We may combine this information with additional non-personal information or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form collected from other sources. To learn more, see our
Cookie Policy
.
For legal compliance
Finally, we may share personal information: (i) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us; (ii) when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our company, our users, or others; and in connection with the enforcement of our Terms of Use and other agreements; or (iii) in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain your information only as long as we need it for the purposes described under
"How We Use Personal Information,"
except when longer retention is required by our compliance policies and efforts toward applicable legal, tax, accounting and regulatory requirements.
How long we need information for those purposes varies by category, and even within categories. These retention determinations always consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from its unauthorized use or disclosure, whether we can achieve those purposes without using the personal information.
For example, we delete some Internet Activity as soon as you exit the Platform, whereas we may retain records of your orders for services and products for several years as required by law or contract, such as agreements with our payment processors or under our accounting standards.
Please understand, however, that we reserve the right to retain an archive of any deleted information, to the extent permitted by law. We may also retain de-identified or aggregate data that may be derived from information about you.
Your Rights
Rights under GDPR
This section applies to you only if you reside in a jurisdiction where GDPR applies.
For GDPR purposes, the data controller is Barstool Sports, Inc., 333 7th Avenue, Floors 2-3, New York, NY 10001. Parties to which we disclose personal data are data processors to us or co-controllers with us.
See
"How We Use Personal Information"
section to review the legal basis for our collecting and processing of personal data under GDPR. Depending on your jurisdiction’s enactment of GDPR, you may have these rights:
access – request copies of your personal data.
rectification – request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate or complete any information you believe is incomplete.
erasure – request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
restrict processing – request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
object to processing – object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
data portability – request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
You may contact us to exercise any of these rights. If you do not provide personal data to us or withdraw consent for processing personal data, we may not be able to provide you with certain aspects of the Platform.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
International Data Transfers
If you reside outside the United States, we transfer information about you for processing in the United States. By providing information about you to enable Platform services, you consent to the processing of such data in the United States. The transfer of this information to the United States is necessary for the performance of our contract for use of the Platform.
As the U.S. has not been deemed an “adequate” jurisdiction under GDPR for the purposes of international data transfers, we use Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU for transfers of personal data internationally, or another appropriate transfer mechanism.
U.S. State Rights
Some U.S. states provide residents with additional privacy rights and controls. If you reside in one of those states, you may be entitled to exercise certain rights with respect to your personal information, as described below, and subject to exceptions defined by law. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as described under
"How to Contact Us"
below.
Confirm Processing and Access your Personal Information:
You may request access and confirm processing of your personal information once in a calendar year. You may have the right to know what personal information the business has collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which it is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing it, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose it. Subject to exceptions, you may obtain a copy of your personal information we collected during the preceding twelve (12) months of your request, in a readily useable format where processing is done via automated means.
Deletion:
Subject to certain exceptions, you may request deletion of your personal information in our control. Please note that exercise of this right may render the Service, or parts of the Service, inaccessible or otherwise not function properly.
Correct Inaccuracies in your Personal Information:
You can also update or correct your account information and electronic message preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings.
Opt-out of Sale and Sharing for Targeted Advertising:
We do not sell your personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration. However, you may request opt-out of having your personal information processed for purposes of targeted advertising by visiting the NAI Opt-Out Page:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. Please note that even if you choose to remove your information (opt-out), you will still see advertisements while you are browsing online. However, the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests. Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive. The NAI Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies.
The Platform automatically detects whether you are visiting from a state where this right applies. If you do, to opt out of the ‘sharing’ or sale of your information, please click or tap the ‘Do Not Sell My Info’ link on our homepage.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanism (California, Connecticut and Colorado Residents Only):
These browser- or device-level controls, such as “Global Privacy Control” (GPC) signals, automatically transmit a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising. Currently our systems are unable to receive and honor these signals. If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, please follow the above-noted steps.
Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information (California and Utah Residents Only):
You may limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information to purposes necessary to provide you with the Platform services you request. The only sensitive personal information we collect is your precise location, if you have consented to provide it to us when prompted (like when you order a food delivery).
You don’t need to exercise this right: we only use and disclose sensitive personal information as necessary to fulfill the service you requested (like sending the precise location you gave us to a food delivery service so it’s at least lukewarm on arrival).
Designate Authorized Agent:
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent.
Opt-Out of Communications
As described above, we may use the information we collect from you to send you newsletters, push notifications, general communications and promotional e-mails, including promotional communications about our Platform and our or our partners’ products or services. If you do not want to receive such communications, you can opt out (as applicable) by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our communications, unchecking the applicable box to opt out when prompted, or by simply not opting in when prompted. You may also at any time opt out of receiving communications from us by emailing privacy@barstoolsports.com with the subject line “Opt Out”.
If you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we will still send you important information related to your account and your purchases. For example, if you unsubscribe from our promotional emails, we will still send you emails confirming a purchase you make on our Platform or alerting you to changes to our Terms of Use or this Policy.
Use by Minors
The Platform is intended for users above the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16, and we do not share or sell information about anyone under 16 without affirmative authorization. If we learn that we have collected information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 16 and you believe your child has provided us with information, please contact us.
How to Contact Us
To submit a request to exercise your rights, designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf, and/or for any questions, please provide sufficient information to verify your identity and place of residence that applies to you (e.g. your name, e-mail address, home or work address, or other information we maintain). If we cannot verify the identity of the individual making the request, we may deny it, in full or in part.
You may contact us at
privacy@barstoolsports.com
with “Privacy” in the subject line, or write to us at:
Barstool Sports, Inc.
333 7th Avenue, Floors 2-3
New York, NY 10001
Attn: Legal Department
We will respond to your request as quickly as we can. The content of our response will vary with the nature of your request, but will always respond in accordance with any deadlines or requirements specified by the laws applicable to you.