The ABC is committed to protecting your privacy by creating a safe and secure space for you to enjoy all ABC services, including our programs, websites, and apps. This Privacy Policy explains how and why we collect and use information about you, including:
what types of information we collect
how it is collected and used
how we keep your information safe
when and why we might share that information outside of the ABC
your choices about your information
The ABC collects and uses personal information so we can provide ABC content and services that inform, educate, and entertain and ensure they reflect the cultural diversity of the Australian community.  Find out more about personal information by reading the FAQ,
What is Personal Information?
The ABC does not commercialise data. If we are required to disclose information, including your personal information, to help us provide services to you, we do not receive any sort of payment for doing this.
Children’s privacy is especially important – both protecting it and helping children, parents and guardians understand privacy risks.  You can
share this video
with children to help them understand privacy better.
Information we collect to make programs and produce other content is not covered by this Privacy Policy. The
ABC Editorial Policies
and the
ABC Code of Practice
explain how we approach privacy in relation to journalism.
To find out more about anything in this Privacy Policy, head to
Privacy at the ABC
where you will find FAQs with detailed information, including how to contact the
ABC Privacy Officer
.
1. Why does the ABC collect personal information?
The ABC collects information about you to deliver and improve the content and services the ABC provides.  This includes information about how you use our services.  By gaining a better understanding of what our audiences do and do not like, we can make sure our programs are relevant for all Australians. Collection of this information also helps us create a better experience for you, where you can easily discover and access content.
2. What personal information does the ABC collect?
There are different types of information we collect depending on the circumstances.  This information is either collected directly from you or is provided to us on your behalf by someone else. For example, if a parent or carer creates an ABC iview profile for you.
a) Signing up for an ABC Account
When you sign up for an ABC Account, we collect:
login details (like an email address and password)
first or preferred name
year of birth
postcode
gender identity (optional)
We collect this information so we can understand how to better serve our audiences. If you sign up using social media sign-on (such as Facebook, Google or Apple), we might receive other information about your account details, like your profile picture.  As with all personal information held by the ABC, this information is protected in accordance with ABC cyber security practices (see section 3 below).
b) Sensitive information
We might ask for sensitive information about you (like your ethnicity, political views, religious beliefs, physical and mental health, etc.), but only when it is necessary and relevant.
For example, if you are participating in audience research, this will ensure a more representative study sample.
Sensitive information is not shared outside the ABC. We will always ask for your consent when we request sensitive information, and you do not need to provide any sensitive information when you sign up for an ABC Account or to access ABC content or services.
c) Location
We might collect your location information so we can show you relevant local content. For example, you can enter your postcode on the ABC News website to receive local news and weather updates.
d) Entering a competition
We might ask for your name, contact details, and date of birth when you enter a competition, for example, to make sure you are eligible to enter an age restricted competition or so that we can contact you if you win.
e) Payment information
We collect payment information when you buy something from the ABC Merch Store or the triple j store.  This information is only used to process your payment.
If you use an online purchase service such as Shopify to complete your transaction, your personal information (including credit card information) will be collected and used by that service.
f) Device and browser information
Devices can be anything you use to access ABC content over the internet, like a smart TV, gaming console, mobile phone, tablet, or laptop.  A browser is an application for accessing websites.
We automatically collect some information from your device and browser to make sure our websites and apps run smoothly, and to help us provide technical support, and for analytics.
If you are logged in to an ABC Account at the time, we might link your device and browser information to your ABC Account.
You can find out more by visiting
Privacy at the ABC
.
g) Cookies and Other Technologies
We collect information about how you use ABC websites and apps using cookies, beacons, and local storage.
This helps us make sure the ABC websites and apps you are using work well.  For example, some cookies are used to remember your preferences.
For more information about how cookies and other online tools work, visit
Privacy at the ABC.
3. How does the ABC keep my personal information safe?
The ABC is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
The ABC’s cyber security practices are aligned with the cyber security principles and guidelines outlined in the Australian Commonwealth Government ‘Information Security Manual’ (ISM). We also have dedicated teams that look after the privacy and security of personal information held by the ABC.
Our cybersecurity team stays across the latest developments in online security and works with experts in online safety.
We restrict access to your data within the ABC to keep it safe.
ABC staff are trained in cyber security and practices that help keep your personal information safe and secure, including how to identify and respond to threats.
4. Why does the ABC share my personal information with others?
The ABC does not sell or share your personal information for commercial gain. But sometimes we do need to share information, which might include your personal information, with others.
The ABC partners with carefully selected organisations to help us safely collect, store, and manage your personal information.
This means we might share your information with those organisations so we can do things like:
send you the ABC Newsletters you subscribe to
show you recommended programs on ABC iview
create your ABC Account
a) To deliver a personalised experience
Personalisation has become an important part of how the world enjoys online content.
This means when you use ABC websites and apps, you might be shown some content that is relevant to your interests.
For example, the
Recommended
For You
rail on ABC iview helps you discover new programs.
We can do this by understanding what you watch, read and listen to on ABC websites and apps.
We might then combine this information with other information you provide when signing up for an ABC Account, subscribing to ABC Newsletters, or creating profiles on ABC iview, such as your age or location.
We use this to help you discover programs you might like. More details can be found in the FAQ,
What are Personalised Recommendations?
If you have an ABC Account, you can
opt-out of receiving personalised recommendations
by accessing your
ABC Account settings
.
b) To help us monitor and improve ABC programs, websites, and apps
We might share some information, including how ABC websites and apps are used, and information about devices used to access ABC services with our analytics and ratings service providers.
For more details on our analytics and ratings service providers, visit
Privacy at the ABC
.
c) To show you relevant promotions on ABC and non-ABC websites and apps
We use device IDs, hashed email addresses and other online tools to show you relevant promotions for ABC content on other websites and apps you might be using.
This could be a sponsored post on Instagram or Facebook for triple j’s
Like A Version
, or a promotion for the latest episode of a drama program when you’re browsing Google.
For more information about how cookies and other online tools work, visit
Privacy at the ABC.
For more information on hashed email address sharing read the FAQ,
What are Promotions on Digital Platforms?
i. device ID
We will only share your device ID with Google or Meta with your permission.  We share this information so that if you use those platforms, we can show you ABC promotions that you are more likely to be interested in.
We will always ask for your permission before we do this, and you can easily opt-out by
managing your device ID settings
.
ii. hashed email address sharing
If you are signed up for an ABC Account, a hashed version of your email address may be shared with Google and Meta.  We do this so that if you use those platforms, we can show you ABC promotions that you are more likely to be interested in, as well as measure and improve ABC promotional campaigns.
If you are not comfortable with this, you can opt-out by managing your
ABC Account settings
.
Learn more by reading the FAQ,
What are Promotions on Digital Platforms?
iii. IP address
We may share your IP address with third parties to help us measure and improve ABC promotional campaigns.
If you are an ABC Account holder, you can opt-out by managing your
ABC Account settings
.
Learn more by reading the FAQ,
What are Promotions on Digital Platforms?
5. Additional privacy terms
Some ABC content and services are offered using non-ABC websites and apps.
For example, the triple j app allows you to send a playlist to YouTube Music. The YouTube Terms of Service are available
here
.
You should read the privacy policy and terms and conditions of each service carefully before deciding whether to accept them.
In addition, if the ABC embeds posts, photos or videos from third parties, such as Facebook or YouTube, those third parties may use cookies, beacons, local storage and other technologies in relation to that content. If you then “share” that content, the service you have chosen to share content through may also use these technologies.
For more information about how cookies and other online tools work, visit
Privacy at the ABC.
You should also only post information online if you are happy for it to be publicly available.
6. Is my personal information sent overseas?
Some companies we partner have storage locations in Australia while others are outside Australia, including but not limited to Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Singapore, the UK, and the USA.
We only disclose personal information to overseas recipients if we are satisfied that our service providers have appropriate controls to protect your personal information and that they only use your personal information for purposes we authorise.
7. How does the ABC protect younger children and teenagers?
The ABC is committed to creating a safe and secure space for young people to enjoy their favourite ABC programs and other content.
We provide services like ABC Kids for pre-school children, and ABC Big Kids for primary school-aged children. These services provide ABC programming that is appropriate for young people. When a profile is created for a child on ABC iview, we make sure the content available to them is suitable for their age. In a child’s profile, only ABC Kids is accessible to younger children up to 6 years old, unless their parent or guardian enables them to also have access to ABC Big Kids. Older children get access to both ABC Kids and ABC Big Kids.
However, we strongly encourage parents and carers to monitor and participate in their children’s use of ABC websites and apps.
For more information, visit
Protecting Families and Children
.
8. Will my child’s personal information be used for marketing purposes?
No, the use of device IDs for promotional purposes, and the use of any personal information for measuring ABC promotions is disabled in:
children’s ABC Accounts
ABC iview children’s profiles created under adult ABC Accounts
ABC Kids and ABC Big Kids website and app
In addition, children’s ABC Accounts are automatically opted-out of hashed email address sharing. Learn more by reading the FAQ,
What are Promotions on Digital Platforms?
9. Can I contact the ABC about privacy issues?
Yes, we welcome any feedback you might have about privacy-related issues.
You also have the right to request access to, or seek the correction of any personal information we might have about you. Deletion requests are subject to the ABC's record-keeping obligations, including the
Archives Act 1983
(Cth).
If you are worried about how your personal information is being handled, if you would like to find out what personal information we have stored about you, or if you want us to update or correct your personal information, please contact the ABC Privacy Officer:
By email:
privacy.abc@abc.net.au
By mail:
ABC Privacy Officer
Australian Broadcasting Corporation
GPO Box 9994
(Your State or Territory)
If you are not happy with our response, you can make a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner at the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
The OAIC can be contacted on 1300 363 992 or at
www.oaic.gov.au.
Related articles
ABC Terms of Use
ABC Privacy Collection Statement
What is Personal Information?
What's coming to ABC iview this month?
ABC iview Terms of Use