Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
privacy_policy
Privacy Policy
We
built the our apps as a Commercial apps. This app is provided by us and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at FrameMagic unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our app, we may require you to provide us with access to Photo library. It is used only inside the app and we do not share nor transmit any personal data to external services without the permission of the user.
Security
We value your trust in providing us the access to Photos library, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. As describe above, the app does not share the data to external services without the permission of the user. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at ukja.dion@gmail.com.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it