Choo-choose cookies for a smoother ride!
We use cookies to improve your online experience and provide personalised services. By choosing “Accept all”,  you’re making sure your experience is as sweet as a real-life cookie.
Find out more about
our cookie policy
.
Accept all
Only necessary cookies
Adjust my preferences
91911d95-88ee-46f8-83c2-d04359348314
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 2024
ON THE MOVE: THIS IS WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW
We always recommend that our customers read this privacy policy in full. It explains who we are, how and why we collect personal data from you, how and why it will be processed by us and our commitment to protecting your data.
But just in case you’re on the move or do not have time to read it in full we have summarised the key points for you in our 'speed read' section below.
Transpennine Express ("
TPE"
,
"we"
,
"our"
or "
us"
) is a trading name of Transpennine Trains Limited.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer, who is responsible for overseeing our approach to data protection and protecting your privacy. You can contact our Data Protection Officer by email:
tpe.dataprotection@tpexpress.co.uk
or by post: 7th Floor, Bridgewater House, 60 Whitworth Street, Manchester, M1 6LT .
We process (i.e. handle) your personal data to provide our services to you. Under the United Kingdom’s General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018, (collectively referred to as the “Data Protection Laws“), we are only permitted to process your personal data where we have a legal basis for doing so. We will only ever process your personal data in compliance with applicable laws.
We may share your personal data with our third party suppliers, including payment processors and data analysts, where it is necessary to enable the efficient and secure provision of services to you. Except as explained in this privacy policy, we will not share your data with third parties without your consent unless we:
are required to do so by law;
need to do so to allow us to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; or
are otherwise permitted to do so by the Data Protection Laws.
We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for us to keep it. This depends on what we are using it for, whether that is to provide services to you, for our own legitimate interests (described below) or so that we can comply with, or evidence our compliance with, the law. We will regularly review the personal data we hold and when there is no longer a customer, legal or business need for us to hold it, we will either delete it securely or in some cases anonymise it.
We may transfer your personal data to a recipient located outside of the United Kingdom (
UK
). If we do this, we will ensure that any legal transfer mechanism required and as approved by the United Kingdom is implemented to ensure that your personal data continues to be subject to adequate level of protection. If you require additional information as to the mechanisms used, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
The Data Protection Laws grant you a number of rights over your personal data. This policy sets out your rights and how you can exercise them. For more information, read
section 11
. You also have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office if you are unhappy with how we have handled your personal data or responded to any request you have made to exercise your rights over your personal data. For more information on how to make such a complaint, please read
section 14
.
CONTENTS
About Transpennine Express
This section sets out who we are. It provides some useful information about us including our company number and registered address.
About This Privacy Policy
This section tells you when this privacy policy applies (e.g. when you use our website or communicate with us). It also lets you know how and when we will communicate updates of this privacy policy to you.
What Personal Data Do We Collect About You?
This section informs you of exactly what personal data we collect about you and why. This includes information that is provided to us directly by you as well as information that we gather from your visits to our website and information that we receive from other sources.
How is Your Personal Data Collected?
This section explains to you the different ways in which we will collect the personal data that you provide to us.
Purposes For Which We Will Use Your Personal Data
This section explains the purposes for which we will use your personal data we hold. We also set out what we consider to be the legal basis for processing your personal data for each purpose, this is to ensure that you have all the information that we are required to provide you by law.
Communications
This section explains how we will ensure that you only receive communications that you wish to receive. We will ensure that you have total control over the information that you receive.
Who Will Have Access To Your Personal Data?
This section explains which of our employees will have access to your personal data. It also explains the reason for our employees accessing your personal data.
Who Else Might We Share Your Personal Data With?
This section informs you of who we share your personal data with. It also explains the reason for sharing; this is largely so that we can provide our services to you.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
This section explains how we keep your personal data safe and where it will be held. It also explains how we may process your personal data outside of the United Kingdom, but that we will only do so using recognised mechanisms which offer an adequate level of protection, when those are needed.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data?
This section explains the length of time that we will retain your personal data. It also explains why we would hold your personal data for such time periods.
What Are Your Rights?
This section explains that you have rights in relation to your personal data. It also explains what these rights are and how you can go about exercising them.
Cookies
This section explains that our Website uses cookies and where you can find further information about the cookies used.
Freedom of Information
This section explains how you can make a request for information other than your personal data.
Who Can You Ask For More Information?
This section provides you with contact information should you have any questions or concerns about the way we handle your personal data. It also explains how you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (the statutory Data Protection Regulator) should you be unsatisfied with our response to your data protection issues.
1.
About Transpennine Express
Transpennine Express ("
TPE"
, "
we"
, "
our"
or "
us"
) is a trading name of Transpennine Trains Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 12544930 whose registered office is at 7th Floor, Bridgewater House, 58-60 Whitworth Street, Manchester M1 6LT.
We are registered as a controller with the Information.
2. About this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies to the personal data we collect about you through our website
https://www.tpexpress.co.uk/
by post, by telephone, in person (for example in stations and on board), through our apps and when you otherwise communicate with us.
This privacy policy may change from time to time and, if it does, the up-to-date version will always be available on our Website. We will also tell you about any important changes to our privacy policy.
3. What personal data do we collect about you?
This section informs you of what information we collect about you and why. Personal data means any information about an individual from which that individual can be identified.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, surname, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth, gender and CCTV footage.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, postcode, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details as to your journeys, details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password; purchases or orders made by you; your stated interests that help us personalise the services we offer to you; travel preferences such as your home station, and whether your travel is for leisure, business, or commuting; feedback; survey responses; and your date of birth. This also encompasses your content preferences, such as your interest in family-related content or other specific types of information you have indicated you would like to receive from us. If you have opted into marketing communications, we will use this information to ensure that the marketing messages we send you are tailored to your interests and preferences, making them more relevant and valuable to you.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use the Website, products and services.
Health Data
includes information relating to your mobility and disability status to enable us to provide Passenger Assist and ensure that you receive the correct pricing and any information detailed within any accident reports that relates to personal injury or receipt of medical attention.
Marketing Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and from third parties.
Communications Data
means any communication preferences you have indicated.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose where it is anonymised, i.e. cannot be used to identify any specific individual. Aggregated Data is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. An example of Aggregated Data would be where we use your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature. If the Aggregated Data is combined with other personal data to directly or indirectly identify you, we will treat this combined data as personal data and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Special Category Data
Includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not seek to collect or otherwise process your Special Category Data, except where:
we have obtained your explicit consent prior to processing your Special Category Data (e.g. you consent to us processing your Health Data to provide travel assistance services to you);
the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
the processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (including the prevention of fraud) to the extent permitted by applicable law;
you have manifestly made those Special Category Data public;
the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal rights; or
processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and occurs on the basis of an applicable law that is proportionate to the aim pursued and provides for suitable and specific measures to safeguard your fundamental rights and interests.
4. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions:
We collect personal data about you if you fill in forms on the Website or correspond with us by telephone, email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you:
register to use our Website or app;
buy train tickets or other products or services;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
report a problem with our Website or give us feedback.
We may also ask you to share your personal data with us, either directly or via a third party, if it is necessary for us to provide our services to you – for example, where you have booked a seat via a third party ticket provider.
We may also ask you to share your personal data with us, either directly or via third parties, if it is necessary for us to know this so that we can comply with legal obligations imposed on us, for example, we may ask if you require mobility assistance when travelling.
We may process personal data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g. we may collect information from your social media profile(s), to the extent that you choose to make your profile visible).
Automated technologies or interactions:
If you use our Website, we automatically collect the following information where you have consented to us installing cookies on your device:
web usage information (e.g. IP address), your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
demographic and interest data (such as age, gender, and interests), as well as cross-device tracking information to help us better understand how users interact with our services across different devices;
and information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); time on page, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs).
Where we collect information about you in the ways described above, we do so on the basis that it is in our legitimate interests to collect and process this data. In most situations this will be anonymised but we collect and process this data to ensure that our site is functioning properly and that our customer experience is to the standard that you and we expect.
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
For further information about how we use cookies on our Website, please see our
Digital Data Policy
.
We use automated decision making to calculate the validity and value of Delay Repay claims made through our Website. Any claim is automatically processed by a computer which checks the information provided by you against previous claims and details of our trains that were either cancelled or delayed to validate the claim. When you receive notification of the outcome of your claim, you can appeal the decision. All appeals will follow an automated process and will either be deemed successful and payment will be made in due course or will be forwarded to a member of the Delay Repay team for manual review. If you remain dissatisfied, you can appeal the outcome of your claim via the Customer Relations team.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may receive information about you if you use any other Website we operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties, (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them, in particular where you purchase any of our products or services through such third parties. In addition, we may receive information about you from third parties who provide it to us (e.g. your employer, our customers and law enforcement authorities).
When we receive information from other sources, we rely on them having the appropriate provisions in place telling you how they collect data and who they may share it with. We carefully check our sources to ensure that we only receive your information when it is lawful for us to do so.
CCTV and Body Worn Video:
We employ CCTV, on-demand audio recording and Body Worn Video (BWV) cameras to capture, record and monitor what takes place at our offices, stations, car parks and on our trains in order to help provide a safe environment for both our employees and customers, reduce the number of assaults on our employees, provide an accurate record of certain interactions and prevent, deter and detect crime and to evidence our compliance with the law and/or other legal obligations imposed on us
.
BWV will only be activated when absolutely necessary. Prior to the record mode being activated, our employees will give notice that the camera is being activated and that it will make both a video and audio recording. For further information on CCTV and retention periods, please contact us using the details provided in Section 14 below.
For further information on CCTV and retention periods, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 14
below.
5. Purposes for which we will use your personal data
This section explains how we will use personal data you provide to us in order to carry out the activities relevant to the provision of our services to you.
We must have a legal basis for processing your personal data. We consider that we have a legal basis where:
you have given us consent to do so for the specific purposes which we have told you about - for example, we will need your consent to process any health information you provide to us, such as information relating to mobility
;
it is necessary for us to do so to enable us to provide you with the services that you have requested from us - for example, contacting you about your journey;
it is necessary in order to fulfil our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
it is necessary for our exercise of a public task (also called performance of a task carried out in the public interest); or
the law otherwise permits or requires it.
Where we process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, these are our (or our third party’s) interests in providing our services to you in an efficient and secure manner.
We have set out below a list of all the ways we may use your personal data and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are, where appropriate.
In some cases we may use more than one legal basis for processing your personal data; this will depend on the specific purpose for which we are using your personal data. Please
contact us
if you have any queries about the specific legal basis that we rely on for processing your personal data.
What we use your personal data for (purpose)
Type(s) of data
Legal basis for processing (including basis of legitimate interest)
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
Your consent (though we only ask for a consent where we need it – not if these other legal basis reasons can be relied on); and/or
Legitimate interests – to prevent fraud.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us including:
(a) managing payments, paying refunds or compensation, fees and charges;
(b) collecting and recovering money owed to us;
(c)  running fraud checks if we have reasonable suspicions;
(d) provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us including, but not limited to, contacting you about your journey;
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Communications
Necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
Necessary for our legitimate interests, including to allow us:
To recover debts due to us and to prevent fraud;
To provide you with service delivery information about our services by email.
Necessary to comply with legal obligations imposed on us, including to allow us to process claims for, and pay refunds or compensation owed to you for delayed or cancelled services; and/or
Necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest;
To respond to your enquiries or to process your requests in relation to your information.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Communications
(f) Health
Necessary for the performance of a contract with you; and/or
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
Necessary for the purposes of carrying out the obligations and exercising specific rights of the controller or you in the field of employment and social security and social protection law in so far as it is authorised by domestic law or a collective agreement pursuant to domestic law providing for appropriate safeguards for your fundamental rights and interests (for instance the social protection law part of this would usually be relevant if we need to know health details about you because of a disability access need when you’re our passenger); or
Where you have given us your explicit consent.
To respond to your enquiries or to process your requests in relation to your personal information
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
Necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
Necessary to comply with legal obligations imposed on us;
Necessary for our legitimate interests – i.e. to respond to any queries raised by you; and/or
Necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
To help provide a safe environment for our employees and customers; to reduce the number of assaults on our employees during revenue enforcement duties; and to improve the quality of evidence available for submission to the authorities.
(e) Health
One of the above grounds together with:
Necessary for reasons of substantial public interest, on the basis of domestic law which shall be proportionate to the aim pursued, respect the essence of the right to data protection and provide for suitable and specific measures to safeguard your fundamental rights and interests.
To maintain a suppression list should you opt-out of receiving communications.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Marketing Data
(d) Communications Data
Necessary to comply with legal obligations imposed on us - to ensure that we do not send you unsolicited electronic marketing communications where you have not consented to receive them or where you withdraw any consent to receive them.
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) notifying you about changes to our Website, services, terms or privacy policy;
(b) asking you to leave a review or take a survey; and/or
(c)  to investigate and respond to complaints.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Communications Data
Necessary for the performance of a contract with you;
Necessary to comply with legal obligations imposed on us;
Necessary for our legitimate interests – to allow us to understand your needs and identify any steps that we can take to improve our services; and/or
Necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
To help provide a safe environment for our employees and customers; to reduce the number of assaults on our employees during revenue enforcement duties; and to improve the quality of evidence available for submission to the authorities
(a) Identity
Necessary to comply with legal obligations imposed on us;
Necessary for our legitimate interests; and/or
Necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(c) Marketing Data; and
(d) Communications Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests.
Consent.
To send you direct marketing communications by email or SMS
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(c) Marketing Data; and
(d) Communications Data
Consent.
To administer and protect our business and the Website (including training our employees, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, security audits, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(c) Marketing Data; and
(d) Communications Data
Necessary for the performance of a contract with you;
Necessary to comply with legal obligations imposed on us;
Necessary for our legitimate interests – to allow us to understand your needs and identify any steps that we can take to improve our services; and/or
Necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
To conduct health and safety assessments and record keeping; and compliance with related legal obligations
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Health
Necessary to comply with legal obligations imposed on us; and
Necessary for the purposes of carrying out the obligations and exercising specific rights of us or you in the field of employment and social security and social protection law (including health and safety laws) in so far as it is authorised by domestic law or a collective agreement pursuant to domestic law and provided we are providing for appropriate safeguards for the fundamental rights and your interests.
To process information (gathered by our use of cookies) relating to the devices you use to access our Website or app to understand more about you and your use of our Website or app, and/or to allow us or our partners to use information gathered through cookies to serve personalised adverts to you though our Website. Please note that if you do not consent to the installation of advertising cookies, the number of adverts will remain the same, but they may not reflect your interests.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(c) Marketing Data; and
(d) Communications Data
Your consent; or
Necessary for our (or a third party’s)  legitimate interests.
6. Communications
This section is to explain how we will ensure that you only receive communications that you wish to receive.
Marketing communications:
We can only use your personal information to send you electronic marketing messages (i.e. by email or SMS) where we have your prior consent. Additionally, we collect and process data about your interactions across different devices, including demographic and interest data provided by services such as Google Signals, to enhance your user experience and personalise the content and advertisements you see. You can opt out of this data collection at any time by adjusting your cookie settings or using the Google Analytics opt-out options.
The personal data we have for you is made up of what you tell us, and the data we collect about you when you use our services, or data provided to us from third parties we work with. We study this to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
We want to ensure that you are informed and aware of the best products, services, promotions and events that we can offer you. By consenting to receive additional communications (by mail, telephone, SMS, text/picture/video message, app push notifications or email) from us and any named third parties that feature at the point of obtaining consent in respect of such information, we will process your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you have provided your consent to receive marketing communications from us and you change your mind, you can change your preferences and unsubscribe at any time by unsubscribing from the relevant communication channel, changing your preferences in your “My Account” or by contacting us at
tpecustomer.relations@tpexpress.co.uk
.
If you choose not to receive this information we will be unable to keep you informed of new products, services and promotions that may interest you.
Whatever you choose, you'll still receive booking confirmations and other important information, for example service communications.
Service communications
As detailed in the table at Section 6, we may send you communications such as those which relate to any service updates (e.g. service disruption or cancellations) or provide customer satisfaction surveys. We consider that we can lawfully send these communications to you as we have a legitimate interest to do so, namely to effectively provide you with the best service we can and to grow our business.
7. Who will have access to your personal data
This section is to explain who, within TPE, will have access to your data. Your personal data will only be seen or used by our employees who have a legitimate business need to access your personal data for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
We take your privacy seriously and have implemented appropriate physical, technical and organisational security measures designed to secure your personal data against accidental loss, destruction or damage and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure.
8. Who else might we share your personal data with
This section will inform you of who we share your personal data with and why. Except as explained in this privacy policy, we will not share your personal data without your consent unless required to do so by law.
We may share your personal data:
with you, and where appropriate, your family, your associates and your representatives.
with the British Transport Police or any other law enforcement agency or court to the extent necessary for purposes including preventing, investigating, detecting, and prosecuting criminal offences; preventing threats to public security in accordance with applicable law; or validating a claim; and/or
with the following third-parties who assist us with administering the provision of our services to you:
business partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
analytics and search engine providers, including Google, that assist us in the improvement, optimisation, and cross-device tracking of user interactions on our site. This may involve the sharing of demographic and interest data (such as age, gender, and device usage) to improve the user experience and enable remarketing efforts.
other rail industry bodies including the Office of Rail and Road, other Rail Operators, Network Rail, Transport Focus, the Department for Transport, Transport for the North and London TravelWatch, in order to comply with our regulatory obligations and to help resolve complaints or other issues; and
agents we engage to perform functions on our behalf including fulfilling order deliveries, repaying compensation claims for delay, sending customer communications, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payments, issuing and obtaining payment for penalty fares or fines, researching customer satisfaction, and providing customer service. They have access to personal data needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
We may also pass Aggregated Data on the usage of our site (e.g. we might disclose the median ages of visitors to our site, or the numbers of visitors to our site that come from different geographic areas) to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you personally.
If a business transfer or change of business ownership takes place or is envisaged or if our rail franchise is awarded to another company in the future, we may transfer your personal data to the Secretary of Statement for Transport and/or the new owner (or a prospective new owner) or the new franchisee. If this happens, you will be informed of this transfer.
9. How do we protect your personal data?
This section explains how we keep your personal data safe and where it will be held.
We take your privacy seriously and are committed to maintaining the privacy and security of the personal data you provide to us, and the choices you have regarding our collection and use of your personal data.
Once we have received your personal data, we follow strict security procedures as to how your personal data is stored and used, and who sees it, to help stop any unauthorised access.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You should not share this information with anyone.
The information that we collect from you, including data processed via services such as Google Analytics and Google Signals, may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United Kingdom (UK). This includes transfers to the United States for processing by Google. When we transfer and store your personal data outside of the UK, we will ensure that it is adequately protected by using appropriate safeguards, where needed, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or other relevant transfer mechanisms.
We may also share personal data with third parties acting as separate controllers where necessary for the provision of professional services, such as legal advice or audits.
Staff operating outside the UK who work for us, or one of our suppliers, may process the information. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services;
Where your personal data is transferred from the UK to a recipient located in (and subject to the laws of) a country not recognised by the United Kingdom as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, such transfer shall be covered by a framework recognised by the Information Commissioner and/or the courts of England and Wales as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data including but not limited to:
an International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA), in a form as approved by the Information Commissioner; or
an International Data Transfer Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses set out in the Annex of the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021);
The transmission of your personal data via the internet is not completely secure and although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us over the internet and you acknowledge that any transmission is at your own risk.
10. How long do we keep your personal data?
This section explains the length of time that we will retain your personal data.
We will keep your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was obtained. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your personal data are as follows:
(1) we will retain your personal data in a form that permits identification only for as long as:
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you; or
your personal data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this policy for which we have a valid legal basis.
plus
(2) the duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e. any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your personal data, or to which your personal data may be relevant); or
an additional reasonable period following the end of such applicable limitation period;
plus an additional reasonable period following the end of such applicable limitation period.
In addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we may continue to process your personal data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
After this period your personal data will be securely and irretrievably deleted/destroyed or in certain situations, anonymised so that you are no longer identified or identifiable from such information.
After this period your personal data will be anonymised so that you are no longer identified or identifiable from such information, or securely deleted/destroyed.
Any third parties that we engage will keep your data stored on their systems for as long as is necessary to provide the relevant services to you or us. If we end our relationship with any third party providers, we will make sure that they securely delete or return your personal data to us.
The retention periods for CCTV and BWV vary depending on the location and system in use. Such periods tend not to exceed 30 days and will always be reasonable or as long as is required by law. For more information please contact us using the details provided in in
Section 14
.
We may retain personal data about you for statistical purposes (for example, to help us improve our services). Where data is retained for statistical purposes it will always be anonymised, meaning that you will not be identifiable from that data.
11. What are your rights?
This section explains that you have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. There are circumstances in which your rights may not apply. You have the right to request that we:
provide you with a copy of the information we hold about you;
update any of your personal information if it is inaccurate or out of date;
delete the personal data we hold about you - if we are providing services to you and you ask us to delete personal data we hold about you then we may be unable to continue providing those services to you;
restrict the way in which we process your personal data;
stop processing your data if you have valid objections to such processing;
object to any automated decision being made about you, or request a human review any such automated decision, and
transfer your personal data to a third party.
Please note that some of these requests may not apply to personal data processed for certain processing activities. If this is the case, we will explain why when we respond to your request.
For more information on your rights and how to use them, or if you would like to make any of the requests set out above, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 14
. We will seek to respond to all such requests within one month of receipt of either:-
your request; or
or any additional information we reasonably require, where we have requested it. If we fail to receive this additional information within 1 month of our request for this additional information, we will close your request without any further reference to yourself.
Occasionally, we may seek to extend the deadline to respond to your request from one month to up to 3 months from the latter of either:
the date of our receipt of your valid request; or
the date of our receipt of any additional information reasonably requested by us to allow us to confirm your identity;
if your request is particularly complex and we are handling a large volume of requests. If this is the case, we will notify you that we are seeking to extend the deadline to respond to your request within that first month.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
As explained in the section on Communications above, even if you consented to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes (by ticking the relevant box or by requesting information about services), you have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for such purposes. You can exercise this right at any time by unsubscribing from the relevant communication channel, changing your preferences in your “My Account” or by contacting us at
tpe.dataprotection@tpexpress.co.uk
.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
12. Cookies
The Website uses cookies. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. For more information please see our
Digital Data Policy
.
13. Freedom of Information
We are subject to the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and the Environmental Information Regulations 2004. If you wish to request access to any information (other than your Personal Data), that we hold, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
FOIA@tpexpress.co.uk
We will normally respond to your request within 20 working days of receipt of your request, but where some of the requested information falls under an exemption that involves a public interest test, we may extend the deadline by a further 20 working days.
For further information about the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and the Environmental Information Regulations 2004, please see the
ICO website
.
14. Who can you ask for more information?
If you have any questions or concerns about how we handle your personal data, you can contact us using any one (or more) of the following:
Post:
Customer Relations
TransPennine Express
7th Floor, Bridgewater House, 60 Whitworth Street, Manchester, M1 6LT
Email:
Use our
online contact form
Phone:
0345 600 1671
Alternatively, you can contact us through the
Contact Us
section of the Website.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer. They are responsible for our approach to data protection and protecting your privacy. You can contact them at
tpe.dataprotection@tpexpress.co.uk
.
If you are unsatisfied with our response(s) to:
any data protection issues you raise with us or our DPO;
any requests made where you are seeking to exercise your rights under the Data Protection Laws
;
or
any requests that you have made to us under the Freedom of Information Act 2000 or Environmental Information Regulations 2004
;
you have the right to make a complaint to the
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
. The ICO is the authority in the UK which is tasked with the protection of personal data and privacy.
They can be contacted via their webchat function on their website
:
ICO.ORG.UK
or by telephone on 0303 123 1113.
TransPennine Express Chatbot
The TransPennine Express chatbot is designed to provide quick and helpful responses by pulling information directly from our website. It uses generative AI technology to understand your enquiries and deliver relevant content based on what’s available on the site.
What the chatbot can do
Assist with general questions by finding relevant information from our website content
Provide answers on topics such as timetables, ticketing, policies, and travel updates
Help guide users to specific sections of our website for more detailed information
What the chatbot doesn’t do
The chatbot is not monitored by live agents and does not connect you to customer service representatives
It cannot handle or process personal data (e.g., names, contact details, or payment information)
It is not able to complete tasks that require personal or account information
Important information about personal data
The chatbot is strictly designed to operate without storing, processing, or handling personal data. For this reason, we actively discourage users from sharing any personal information during interactions. If personal data is provided, the chatbot will not be able to use or act on it.
Privacy and security
All chatbot interactions are secured via HTTPS encryption, ensuring your conversations remain private and protected. The chatbot operates fully within the guidelines outlined in this privacy policy, and no data is transferred outside the UK or European Economic Area (EEA).
Digital Data Policy
This policy explains how TransPennine Express collects and uses your information through digital technologies when you interact with our website, mobile app, wi-fi portals, and online advertising.
Types of digital data we collect
We use a variety of technologies to collect data about your online activities and device when you use our digital services, including:
Cookies:
Small text files stored on your browser or device to enable functionality, remember your preferences, and collect analytics.
    We also use Google Signals as part of Google Analytics to collect data about user interactions across multiple devices. This enables us to gather demographic, interest, and cross-device tracking information to improve our services and offer more relevant advertising. You can manage your cookie preferences and opt out of Google Signals through your account settings or browser tools.
Pixels and web beacons:
Tiny graphics that allow us and third parties to track your interactions and collect data for analytics and advertising.
Local storage and cache:
Technologies that allow data to be stored locally on your browser or device to improve performance and enable certain features.
SDKs:
Software development kits embedded in our mobile apps to analyse usage and support functionality.
Customer data for advertising:
Hashed customer data (such as email addresses) collected on our conversion pages and shared with advertising partners like Google to improve the accuracy of conversion tracking and ad attribution. Hashed customer data refers to a secure, one-way conversion of personal information, such as email addresses, into a unique string of characters that cannot be reversed. This data is collected only with your consent.
Of the above, the most used type of tracking technology are ‘Cookies’. We use three main types of cookies on our sites:
a) Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential for core site functionality and security, such as logging in, secure areas, and online purchases. They are always active and can't be disabled.
b) Analytics Cookies: We use these to analyse site usage and performance. They help us understand visitor behaviour, track popular pages, and identify areas for improvement.
c) Advertising Cookies: Set by our ad partners, these cookies build interest profiles to show you relevant ads on other sites. They may track your online activities and be shared with social networks and other third-party platforms.
Your Choices and Controls
You have several options to control the collection and use of your data via cookies and similar technologies:
Adjust browser settings to manage cookies and local storage
Use industry opt-out tools like the NAI or DAA to opt out of interest-based advertising
Change your mobile device's ad settings
For Google advertising, including Enhanced Conversions, opt out of advertising cookies or withdraw consent anytime
Opting out of certain cookies may impact site functionality. For instance, if you disable analytics cookies, we won't be able to use data about your site interactions to improve the user experience. This means we may not be able to identify and fix issues like slow page loads, confusing navigation, or unclear content. Without these insights, it becomes harder for us to ensure the site works smoothly and intuitively for all users.
Additionally, opting out of advertising cookies means you'll likely still see ads on our site and others, but they'll be less relevant to your interests. You may see the same ad multiple times or ads for products you're not interested in, which can make your online experience less enjoyable and efficient.
However, we respect your right to choice. If you prefer not to have your data collected for analytics and advertising, you can use the tools mentioned above to opt out. Just be aware that this may affect the functionality and personalisation of the TransPennine Express website and other sites you visit.
For more details on the specific cookies and technologies we use, see the table below.
Host Domain
File Name
Catagory
tickets.tpexpress.co.uk
ASP.NET_SessionId ExperienceCookie MobileCookie
WebTisLogin
perm_track
sess_track
Necessary Cookies
tpexpress.co.uk
__qca
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmt
__utmt_UA -11525711 - 1
__utmz
_dlt
mixingDeck
qttFirstStage
sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID sc.Status
sc_expview
usbls
userJourney -integration
UsedNewMixingDeck
NecessaryCookies
timetables.tpexpress.co.uk
PHPSESSID
Necessary Cookies
tpexpress.co.uk
_fbp
_ga
_gat
gat_UA-11525711-4 _utmt
_gcl_au
_gid
access_token
ASP.NET_SessionId
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE
Necessary Cookies
railhelp.co.uk/tpexpress
ASP.NET_SessionId BrowserId
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE TPENotificationCookie
X-Salesforce-CHAT sitecore_userticket _RequestVerificationToken _CSRFCOOKIE
sc_fv
shell#lang
scContentEditorFolder
Necessary Cookies
unsplash.com
ugid
Analytics Cookies
vimeo.com
vuid
Analytics Cookies
unsplash.com
ugid
Analytics Cookies
tpexpress.co.uk
firstTimePopupVisitor
Analytics Cookies
agkn.com
Ab
Analytics Cookies
force.com(Salesforce)
BrowserId_sec
Analytics Cookies
google.com
_GRECAPTCHA
Analytics Cookies
pexels.com
__cf_bm
Analytics Cookies
pixabay.com
__cf_bm
Analytics Cookies
adnxs.com
Anj
uuid2
Advertising Cookies
adsrvr.org
TDCPM
TDID
Advertising Cookies
crwdcntrl.net
_cc_aud
cc_cc
_cc_dc
_cc_id
Advertising Cookies
dpm.demdex.net
Demdex
dpm
Advertising Cookies
doubleclick.net
IDE
Advertising Cookies
facebook.com
fr
Advertising Cookies
flashtalking.com
flashtalkingad1
Advertising Cookies
jivox.com
Jvxadbsync
Jvxamosync
Jvxbksync
Jvxkxsync
Jvxlotsync
Jvxnssync
Jvxsgnlync
Jvxsync
jvxwsiemailsync
Advertising Cookies
krxd.net
_kuid_
Advertising Cookies
quantserve.com
mc
Advertising Cookies
youtube.com
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YSC
Advertising Cookies
awin
_aw_m_2829
Advertising Cookies
Third-Party Cookies and Similar Technologies
On certain pages of our website, other companies such as Facebook and various platforms (including Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, and Amazon) may use cookies or similar technologies like web beacons, pixels, and local storage to gather or receive data from our site or other places on the internet. They use this information for measurement services and targeted advertising. Due to the nature of these technologies, we cannot access the data they collect. For information on how these third parties use cookies and similar technologies, please refer to their respective cookie and privacy policies.
Facebook Tools and Targeted Communication
We may utilise Facebook tools like pixels, SDKs, and APIs to optimise our communication and deliver more relevant, targeted messages through Facebook, Instagram, and the Facebook Audience Network.
Information Processing and Advertising
With your consent, we process data collected by the www.facebook.com third-party cookie to show you ads for products we believe match your interests, based on your interactions with Meta's products such as Facebook and Instagram. This cookie is set only with your permission and lasts until it expires (as specified in Meta's cookie policy) or until you revoke your consent. You can change your consent preferences at any time by following the steps outlined below. Please note that data gathered through this Facebook cookie may be sent to the United States, which is not considered "adequate" by UK and EU standards for personal data processing. As a result, some of your data privacy rights may not apply. For more details, please see Meta's Privacy Policy at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
.
You have several options to control the collection and use of your information for ad targeting across various websites:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) WebChoices Tool
Visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices to manage your preferences for interest-based advertising from participating companies. This tool allows you to opt out of data collection and use for ad targeting by DAA member companies across multiple websites.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Opt-Out Tool
Go to http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ to opt out of data collection and use for online behavioral advertising by NAI member companies. This tool lets you control your preferences for interest-based ads across various websites.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) YourOnlineChoices Tool
If you're in the UK or EU, visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices to manage your preferences for online behavioral advertising by EDAA member companies. This tool enables you to control your choices for interest-based ads across multiple European websites.
Google Advertising and Analytics Opt-Out
Google provides various advertising services through platforms like DoubleClick for Publishers, Google AdX, and AdWords. AdWords remarketing cookies allow us to show our ads to people who have previously visited our website when they browse Google search and other sites.
Google also uses conversion cookies to help advertisers track how many users who click on their ads go on to make a purchase. These cookies let Google and the advertiser know that you clicked the ad and later visited the advertiser's site.
To opt out of Google Analytics data collection across all websites, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. To control your preferences for Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google Display Network ads, visit the Google Ads Settings page.
For more information about the third-party cookies and similar technologies used by these platforms, please refer to their respective websites and privacy policies.
https://adssettings.google.com
https://www.amazon.co.uk/adprefs
http://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads
https://help.instagram.com/615366948510230
https://support.snapchat.com/en-GB/a/advertising-preferences
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-gb/resources/policies/personalized-ads
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/90274/manage-your-linkedin-ads-settings?lang=en
Managing and deleting cookies
When you visit our website for the first time on a particular device, a cookie banner will appear explaining our use of cookies, the reasons we use them, and providing a link to this detailed cookie policy.
The banner includes a settings option that allows you to customize your cookie preferences for our site. By clicking on the settings, you can enable or disable certain optional cookies. You can always revisit these preferences in the future by clicking the "Cookie Settings" link in the header of any page on our site.
Please note that disabling cookies may impact the functionality and features available on our website.
Deleting Cookies
In addition to managing cookies through our settings, most web browsers allow you to erase existing cookies from your device or block new ones from being placed. Typically, you can find these options under the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" menus in your browser.
For detailed instructions on managing cookies in your specific browser, we recommend the following resources:
Your Online Choices:
www.youronlinechoices.eu
About Cookies:
www.aboutcookies.org
All About Cookies:
www.allaboutcookies.org
These sites provide comprehensive guides on cookie management across a wide range of browsers. They also include information on deleting cookies from your computer and more general facts about cookie technology.
Remember that restricting or deleting cookies may impact your user experience on our website and limit access to certain features.
Previously Set Cookies
If you have previously disabled any analytics or advertising cookies, please be aware that we may continue to use information captured by those cookies prior to you disabling them. However, once disabled, those cookies will no longer collect any new information from your activity on our site going forward.
Buy train tickets to any destination in Britain – no booking fee
Abbey Wood (ABW)
Abbey Wood (Elizabeth line) (ABX)
Aber (ABE)
Aberaeron (Bus) (AER)
Abercynon (ACY)
Aberdare (ABA)
Aberdeen (ABD)
Aberdour (AUR)
Aberdovey (AVY)
Abererch (ABH)
Abergavenny (AGV)
Abergele & Pensarn (AGL)
Aberystwyth (AYW)
Abingdon (via Didcot) Bus (XAE)
Abingdon (via Oxford) Bus
Abraham Moss (Metrolink) (AMM)
Accrington (ACR)
Achanalt (AAT)
Achnasheen (ACN)
Achnashellach (ACH)
Acklington (ACK)
Acle (ACL)
Acocks Green (ACG)
Acton Bridge (ACB)
Acton Central (ACC)
Acton Main Line (AML)
Adderley Park (ADD)
Addiewell (ADW)
Addlestone (ASN)
Adisham (ADM)
Adlington (Cheshire) (ADC)
Adlington (Lancs) (ADL)
Adwick (AWK)
Aigburth (AIG)
Ainsdale (ANS)
Aintree (AIN)
Airbles (AIR)
Airdrie (ADR)
Albany Park (AYP)
Albrighton (ALB)
Alderley Edge (ALD)
Aldermaston (AMT)
Aldershot (AHT)
Aldrington (AGT)
Alexandra Palace (AAP)
Alexandra Parade (AXP)
Alexandria (ALX)
Alfreton (ALF)
All Saints (ZAS)
Allens West (ALW)
Alloa (ALO)
Alness (ASS)
Alnmouth (ALM)
Alresford (Essex) (ALR)
Alsager (ASG)
Althorne (Essex) (ALN)
Althorpe (Humberside) (ALP)
Altnabreac (ABC)
Alton (AON)
Altrincham (ALT)
Altrincham (Metrolink) (XNA)
Alvechurch (ALV)
Ambergate (AMB)
Amberley (AMY)
Amersham (AMR)
Ammanford (AMF)
Ancaster (ANC)
Anchorage (Metrolink) (ANH)
Anderston (AND)
Andover (ADV)
Anerley (ANZ)
Anfield&Goodison
Angel (ZAN)
Angmering (ANG)
Annan (ANN)
Anniesland (ANL)
Ansdell & Fairhaven (AFV)
Apperley Bridge (APY)
Appleby (APP)
Appledore (Kent) (APD)
Appleford (APF)
Appley Bridge (APB)
Apsley (APS)
Arbroath (ARB)
Ardgay (ARD)
Ardlui (AUI)
Ardrossan Harbour (ADS)
Ardrossan South Beach (ASB)
Ardrossan Town (ADN)
Ardwick (ADK)
Argyle Street (AGS)
Arisaig (ARG)
Arlesey (ARL)
Armadale (ARM)
Armathwaite (AWT)
Arnside (ARN)
Arram (ARR)
Arrochar & Tarbet (ART)
Arundel (ARU)
Ascot (Berks) (ACT)
Ascott-under-Wychwood (AUW)
Ash (ASH)
Ash Vale (AHV)
Ashburys (ABY)
Ashchurch (ASC)
Ashfield (ASF)
Ashford (Surrey) (AFS)
Ashford International (AFK)
Ashington (ASL)
Ashley (ASY)
Ashley Down (ASD)
Ashtead (AHD)
Ashton Moss (Metrolink) (AMO)
Ashton West (Metrolink) (AWL)
Ashton-under-Lyne (AHN)
Ashton-under-Lyne (Metrolink) (AUL)
Ashurst (Kent) (AHS)
Ashurst (New Forest) (ANF)
Ashwell & Morden (AWM)
Askam (ASK)
Aslockton (ALK)
Aspatria (ASP)
Aspley Guise (APG)
Aston (AST)
Atherstone (Warks) (ATH)
Atherton (Manchester) (ATN)
Attadale (ATT)
Attenborough (ATB)
Attleborough (ATL)
Auchinleck (AUK)
Audenshaw (Metrolink) (ASM)
Audley End (AUD)
Aughton Park (AUG)
Aviemore (AVM)
Avoncliff (AVF)
Avonmouth (AVN)
Axminster (AXM)
Aylesbury (AYS)
Aylesbury Vale Parkway (AVP)
Aylesford (AYL)
Aylesham (AYH)
Ayr (AYR)
Bache (BAC)
Baglan (BAJ)
Bagshot (BAG)
Baguley (Metrolink) (BGK)
Baildon (BLD)
Baillieston (BIO)
Balcombe (BAB)
Baldock (BDK)
Balham (BAL)
Balloch Central (BHC)
Balmossie (BSI)
Bamber Bridge (BMB)
Bamford (BAM)
Banavie (BNV)
Banbury (BAN)
Bangor (Gwynedd) (BNG)
Bank Hall (BAH)
Banstead (BAD)
Barassie (BSS)
Bardon Mill (BLL)
Bare Lane (BAR)
Bargeddie (BGI)
Bargoed (BGD)
Barking (BKG)
Barking Riverside (BGV)
Barlaston (BRT)
Barlaston Orchard Place (Bus) (BPL)
Barlow Moor Road (Metrolink) (BMM)
Barming (BMG)
Barmouth (BRM)
Barnehurst (BNH)
Barnes (BNS)
Barnes Bridge (BNI)
Barnetby (BTB)
Barnham (BAA)
Barnhill (BNL)
Barnsley (BNY)
Barnstaple (BNP)
Barnt Green (BTG)
Barrhead (BRR)
Barrhill (BRL)
Barrow Haven (BAV)
Barrow in Furness (BIF)
Barrow upon Soar (BWS)
Barry (BRY)
Barry Docks (BYD)
Barry Island (BYI)
Barry Links (BYL)
Barton-on-Humber (BAU)
Basildon (BSO)
Basingstoke (BSK)
Bat & Ball (BBL)
Bath Spa (BTH)
Bathgate (BHG)
Batley (BTL)
Battersby (BTT)
Battersea Park (BAK)
Battle (BAT)
Battlesbridge (BLB)
Bayford (BAY)
Beaconsfield (BCF)
Bearley (BER)
Bearsden (BRN)
Bearsted (BSD)
Beasdale (BSL)
Beaulieu Road (BEU)
Beauly (BEL)
Bebington (BEB)
Beccles (BCC)
Beckenham Hill (BEC)
Beckenham Junction (BKJ)
Beckton (ZTN)
Beckton Park (ZBJ)
Bedford (BDM)
Bedford Midland or Bedford St Johns (BFO)
Bedford St Johns (BSJ)
Bedhampton (BDH)
Bedminster (BMT)
Bedworth (BEH)
Bedwyn (BDW)
Beeston (BEE)
Bekesbourne (BKS)
Belle Vue (BLV)
Bellgrove (BLG)
Bellingham (London) (BGM)
Bellshill (BLH)
Belmont (BLM)
Belper (BLP)
Beltring (BEG)
Belvedere (BVD)
Bempton (BEM)
Ben Rhydding (BEY)
Benchill (Metrolink) (BNK)
Benfleet (BEF)
Bentham (BEN)
Bentley (Hants) (BTY)
Bentley (South Yorks) (BYK)
Bere Alston (BAS)
Bere Ferrers (BFE)
Berkhamsted (BKM)
Berkswell (BKW)
Bermuda Park (BEP)
Berney Arms (BYA)
Berry Brow (BBW)
Berrylands (BRS)
Berwick (Sussex) (BRK)
Berwick-upon-Tweed (BWK)
Bescar Lane (BES)
Bescot Stadium (BSC)
Besses o' th' Barn (Metrolink) (BOB)
Betchworth (BTO)
Bethnal Green (BET)
Betws-y-Coed (BYC)
Beverley (BEV)
Bexhill (BEX)
Bexley (BXY)
Bexleyheath (BXH)
Bicester North (BCS)
Bicester North or Bicester Village (BCR)
Bicester Village (BIT)
Bickley (BKL)
Bideford Bus
Bidston (BID)
Biggleswade (BIW)
Bilbrook (BBK)
Billericay (BIC)
Billingham (Cleveland) (BIL)
Billingshurst (BIG)
Bingham (BIN)
Bingley (BIY)
Birchgrove (BCG)
Birchington (BCH)
Birchwood (BWD)
Birkbeck (BIK)
Birkdale (BDL)
Birkenhead Central (BKC)
Birkenhead Hamilton Square (BKQ)
Birkenhead North (BKN)
Birkenhead Park (BKP)
Birmingham International (BHI)
Birmingham Moor Street (BMO)
Birmingham New Street (BHM)
Birmingham New Street, Moor Street or Snow Hill (BIR)
Birmingham Snow Hill (BSW)
Bishop Auckland (BIA)
Bishop Train & Bus
Bishop Train & Bus Group
Bishopbriggs (BBG)
Bishops Stortford (BIS)
Bishopstone (Sussex) (BIP)
Bishopton (Renfrewshire) (BPT)
Bitterne (BTE)
Blackburn (BBN)
Blackheath (BKH)
Blackhorse Road (BHO)
Blackpool North (BPN)
Blackpool Pleasure Beach (BPB)
Blackpool South (BPS)
Blackridge (BKR)
Blackrod (BLK)
Blackwall (ZBH)
Blackwater (BAW)
Blaenau Ffestiniog (BFF)
Blair Atholl (BLA)
Blairhill (BAI)
Blake Street (BKT)
Blakedown (BKD)
Blantyre (BLT)
Blaydon (BLO)
Bleasby (BSB)
Bletchley (BLY)
Bloxwich (BLX)
Bloxwich North (BWN)
Blundellsands & Crosby (BLN)
Blythe Bridge (BYB)
Bodmin Parkway (BOD)
Bodorgan (BOR)
Bognor Regis (BOG)
Bogston (BGS)
Bolton (BON)
Bolton-on-Dearne (BTD)
Bond Street (Elizabeth line) (BDS)
Bookham (BKA)
Bootle (Cumbria) (BOC)
Bootle New Strand (BNW)
Bootle New Strand or Bootle Oriel Road (BOO)
Bootle Oriel Rd (BOT)
Borders Explorer
Bordesley (BBS)
Borough Green & Wrotham (BRG)
Borth (BRH)
Bosham (BOH)
Boston (BSN)
Botley (BOE)
Bottesford (BTF)
Bourne End (BNE)
Bourne End PlusBus
Bournemouth (BMH)
Bournville (BRV)
Bow Brickhill (BWB)
Bow Church (ZBC)
Bow Street (BOW)
Bowes Park (BOP)
Bowker Vale (Metrolink) (BKV)
Bowling (BWG)
Boxhill & Westhumble (BXW)
Bracknell (BCE)
Bradford Forster Square (BDQ)
Bradford Forster Square or Bradford Interchange (BFS)
Bradford Interchange (BDI)
Bradford-on-Avon (BOA)
Brading (BDN)
Braintree (BTR)
Braintree Freeport (BTP)
Bramhall (BML)
Bramley (Hants) (BMY)
Bramley (West Yorks) (BLE)
Brampton (Cumbria) (BMP)
Brampton (Suffolk) (BRP)
Branchton (BCN)
Brandon (BND)
Branksome (BSM)
Braystones (Cumbria) (BYS)
Brecon Bus Interchange (BEO)
Bredbury (BDY)
Breich (BRC)
Brent Cross West (BCZ)
Brentford (BFD)
Brentwood (BRE)
Bricket Wood (BWO)
Bridge of Allan (BEA)
Bridge of Orchy (BRO)
Bridgend (BGN)
Bridgeton (BDG)
Bridgwater (BWT)
Bridlington (BDT)
Brierfield (BRF)
Brigg (BGG)
Brighouse (BGH)
Brighton (BTN)
Brimsdown (BMD)
Brinnington (BNT)
Bristol Airport (A1 Bristol) (BSA)
Bristol Parkway (BPW)
Bristol Temple Meads (BRI)
Brithdir (BHD)
Briton Ferry (BNF)
Brixton (BRX)
Broad Green (BGE)
Broadbottom (BDB)
Broadstairs (BSR)
Broadway (Metrolink) (BRD)
Brockenhurst (BCU)
Brockholes (BHS)
Brockley (BCY)
Brockley Whins (BNR)
Brodick (BDC)
Bromborough (BOM)
Bromborough Rake (BMR)
Bromley Cross (BMC)
Bromley North (BMN)
Bromley South (BMS)
Bromsgrove (BMV)
Brondesbury (BSY)
Brondesbury Park (BSP)
Brooklands (Metrolink) (BOK)
Brookmans Park (BPK)
Brookwood (BKO)
Broome (BME)
Broomfleet (BMF)
Brora (BRA)
Brough (BUH)
Broughty Ferry (BYF)
Broxbourne (BXB)
Bruce Grove (BCV)
Brundall (BDA)
Brundall Gardens (BGA)
Brunstane (BSU)
Brunswick (BRW)
Bruton (BRU)
Bryn (BYN)
Buckenham (Norfolk) (BUC)
Buckley (BCK)
Bucknell (BUK)
Buckshaw Parkway (BSV)
Bude Bus (BUA)
Bugle (BGL)
Builth Road (BHR)
Bulwell (BLW)
Bures (BUE)
Burgess Hill (BUG)
Burley Park (BUY)
Burley-in-Wharfedale (BUW)
Burnage (BNA)
Burneside (Cumbria) (BUD)
Burnham (Bucks) (BNM)
Burnham-on-Crouch (BUU)
Burnley Barracks (BUB)
Burnley Central (BNC)
Burnley Manchester Rd (BYM)
Burnside (South Lanarkshire) (BUI)
Burntisland (BTS)
Burscough Bridge (BCB)
Burscough Junction (BCJ)
Bursledon (BUO)
Burton Joyce (BUJ)
Burton Road (Metrolink) (BRZ)
Burton on Trent (BUT)
Bury (Metrolink) (BUR)
Bury St Edmunds (BSE)
Busby (BUS)
Bush Hill Park (BHK)
Bushey (BSH)
Butlers Lane (BUL)
Buxted (BXD)
Buxton (BUX)
Byfleet & New Haw (BFN)
Bynea (BYE)
CORNWALLRANGER
Cadoxton (CAD)
Caergwrle (CGW)
Caerphilly (CPH)
Caersws (CWS)
Caldercruix (CAC)
Caldicot (CDT)
Caledonian Road & Barnsbury (CIR)
Calstock (CSK)
Cam & Dursley (CDU)
Camberley (CAM)
Camborne (CBN)
Cambridge (CBG)
Cambridge Heath (CBH)
Cambridge North (CMB)
Cambridge South (CMS)
Cambridge or Cambridge North
Cambuslang (CBL)
Camden Road (CMD)
Camelon (CMO)
Cameron Bridge (CBX)
Campbeltown (CBT)
Canada Water (ZCW)
Canary Wharf (DLR) (ZQC)
Canary Wharf (Elizabeth line) (CWX)
Canley (CNL)
Canning Town (DLR) (ZCB)
Cannock (CAO)
Canonbury (CNN)
Canterbury East (CBE)
Canterbury East or Canterbury West (CTY)
Canterbury West (CBW)
Cantley (CNY)
Capenhurst (CPU)
Carbis Bay (CBB)
Cardenden (CDD)
Cardiff Bay (CDB)
Cardiff Central (CDF)
Cardiff Queen Street (CDQ)
Cardigan Finches Square (CAI)
Cardonald (CDO)
Cardross (CDR)
Carfin (CRF)
Cark & Cartmel (CAK)
Carlisle (CAR)
Carlton (CTO)
Carluke (CLU)
Carmarthen (CMN)
Carmyle (CML)
Carnforth (CNF)
Carnoustie (CAN)
Carntyne (CAY)
Carpenders Park (CPK)
Carrbridge (CAG)
Carshalton (CSH)
Carshalton Beeches (CSB)
Carstairs (CRS)
Cartsdyke (CDY)
Castle Bar Park (CBP)
Castle Cary (CLC)
Castlebay (CTB)
Castleford (CFD)
Castleton (Manchester) (CAS)
Castleton Moor (CSM)
Caterham (CAT)
Catford (CTF)
Catford Bridge (CFB)
Catford or Catford Bridge (CAF)
Cathays (CYS)
Cathcart (CCT)
Cattal (CTL)
Catterick Garrison Bus (CGT)
Causeland (CAU)
Cefn Y Bedd (CYB)
Cemetry Road (Metrolink) (CRQ)
Chadwell Heath (CTH)
Chafford Hundred (CFH)
Chalfont & Latimer (CFO)
Chalkwell (CHW)
Chandlers Ford (CFR)
Chapel-en-le-Frith (CEF)
Chapelton (Devon) (CPN)
Chapeltown (Yorks) (CLN)
Chappel & Wakes Colne (CWC)
Charing (Kent) (CHG)
Charing Cross (Glasgow) (CHC)
Charlbury (CBY)
Charlbury Village (CVG)
Charlton (CTN)
Chartham (CRT)
Chassen Road (CSR)
Chatelherault (CTE)
Chatham (CTM)
Chathill (CHT)
Cheadle Hulme (CHU)
Cheam (CHE)
Cheddington (CED)
Chelford (Cheshire) (CEL)
Chelmsford (CHM)
Chelsfield (CLD)
Cheltenham Spa (CNM)
Chepstow (CPW)
Cherry Tree (CYT)
Chertsey (CHY)
Chesham (Underground) (ZCM)
Cheshunt (CHN)
Chessington North (CSN)
Chessington South (CSS)
Chester (CTR)
Chester Road (CRD)
Chester-le-Street (CLS)
Chesterfield (CHD)
Chestfield & Swalecliffe (CSW)
Chetnole (CNO)
Chichester (CCH)
Chilham (CIL)
Chilworth (CHL)
Chingford (CHI)
Chinley (CLY)
Chippenham (CPM)
Chipstead (CHP)
Chirk (CRK)
Chislehurst (CIT)
Chiswick (CHK)
Cholsey (CHO)
Chorley (CRL)
Chorleywood (CLW)
Chorlton (Metrolink) (CNK)
Christchurch (CHR)
Christs Hospital (CHH)
Church & Oswaldtwistle (CTW)
Church Fenton (CHF)
Church Stretton (CTT)
Cilmeri (CIM)
City Thameslink (CTK)
Clacton-on-Sea (CLT)
Clandon (CLA)
Clapham (Yorks) (CPY)
Clapham High Street (CLP)
Clapham Junction (CLJ)
Clapton (CPT)
Clarbeston Road (CLR)
Clarkston (CKS)
Claverdon (CLV)
Claygate (CLG)
Clayton Hall (Metrolink) (CHB)
Cleethorpes (CLE)
Cleland (CEA)
Clifton (Manchester) (CLI)
Clifton Down (CFN)
Clitheroe (CLH)
Clock House (CLK)
Clunderwen (CUW)
Clydebank (CYK)
Coatbridge Central (CBC)
Coatbridge Sunnyside (CBS)
Coatdyke (COA)
Cobham & Stoke D'Abernon (CSD)
Codsall (CSL)
Cogan (CGN)
Colchester (COL)
Colchester Town (CET)
Colchester or Colchester Town (CCL)
Coleshill Parkway (CEH)
Collingham (CLM)
Collington (CLL)
Colne (CNE)
Colwall (CWL)
Colwyn Bay (CWB)
Combe (Oxon) (CME)
Commondale (COM)
Congleton (CNG)
Conisbrough (CNS)
Connel Ferry (CON)
Conon Bridge (CBD)
Cononley (CEY)
Conway Park (CNP)
Conwy (CNW)
Cooden Beach (COB)
Cookham (COO)
Cooksbridge (CBR)
Coombe (Cornwall) (COE)
Copplestone (COP)
Corbridge (CRB)
Corby (COR)
Corby Pboro Bus (CBZ)
Corkerhill (CKH)
Corkickle (CKL)
Cornbrook (Metrolink) (COZ)
Corpach (CPA)
Corrour (CRR)
Coryton (COY)
Coseley (CSY)
Cosford (COS)
Cosham (CSA)
Cottingham (CGM)
Cottingley (COT)
Coulsdon South (CDS)
Coulsdon Town (CDN)
Coventry (COV)
Coventry Arena (CAA)
Cowden (Kent) (CWN)
Cowden Crossroads (COC)
Cowdenbeath (COW)
Cowes East (Red Funnel Ship) (ECW)
Cowes West (Redjet) (WTW)
Cradley Heath (CRA)
Craigendoran (CGD)
Craignure (CRU)
Cramlington (CRM)
Cranbrook (Devon) (CBK)
Craven Arms (CRV)
Crawley (CRW)
Crayford (CRY)
Crediton (CDI)
Cressing (Essex) (CES)
Cressington (CSG)
Creswell (CWD)
Crewe (CRE)
Crewkerne (CKN)
Crews Hill (CWH)
Crianlarich (CNR)
Criccieth (CCC)
Cricklewood (CRI)
Croftfoot (CFF)
Crofton Park (CFT)
Cromer (CMR)
Cromford (CMF)
Crookston (CKT)
Cross Gates (CRG)
Crossacres (Metrolink) (CMK)
Crossflatts (CFL)
Crossharbour (DLR) (ZCH)
Crosshill (COI)
Crosskeys (CKY)
Crossmyloof (CMY)
Croston (CSO)
Crouch Hill (CRH)
Crowborough (COH)
Crowhurst (CWU)
Crowle (CWE)
Crowthorne (CRN)
Croy (CRO)
Crumpsall (Metrolink) (CRJ)
Crystal Palace (CYP)
Cuddington (CUD)
Cuffley (CUF)
Culham (CUM)
Cullompton Bus (XDX)
Culrain (CUA)
Cumbernauld (CUB)
Cupar (CUP)
Curriehill (CUH)
Custom House (DLR) (ZCE)
Custom House (Elizabeth line) (CUS)
Cutty Sark (ZAA)
Cuxton (CUX)
Cwmbach (CMH)
Cwmbran (CWM)
Cynghordy (CYN)
Cyprus (DLR) (ZCQ)
DARTMOUTH (XMT)
Dagenham Dock (DDK)
Daisy Hill (DSY)
Dales Railcard MCM Day Ranger
Dales Railcard Settle & Carlisle Day Ranger
Dalgety Bay (DAG)
Dalmally (DAL)
Dalmarnock (DAK)
Dalmeny (DAM)
Dalmuir (DMR)
Dalreoch (DLR)
Dalry (DLY)
Dalston (Cumbria) (DLS)
Dalston Junction (DLJ)
Dalston Kingsland (DLK)
Dalton (Cumbria) (DLT)
Dalwhinnie (DLW)
Danby (DNY)
Dane Road (Metrolink) (DRD)
Danescourt (DCT)
Danzey (DZY)
Darlington (DAR)
Darnall (DAN)
Darsham (DSM)
Dartford (DFD)
Darton (DRT)
Darwen (DWN)
Datchet (DAT)
Davenport (DVN)
Dawlish (DWL)
Dawlish Warren (DWW)
Deal (DEA)
Dean (Wilts) (DEN)
Deansgate (DGT)
Deganwy (DGY)
Deighton (DHN)
Delamere (DLM)
Denby Dale (DBD)
Denham (DNM)
Denham Golf Club (DGC)
Denmark Hill (DMK)
Dent (DNT)
Denton (DTN)
Deptford (DEP)
Deptford Bridge (ZDB)
Derby (DBY)
Derby Road (Ipswich) (DBR)
Dereham (Coach) (QDM)
Derker (Metrolink) (DKR)
Devizes Bus (XAQ)
Devonport (Devon) (DPT)
Devons Road (ZDR)
Dewsbury (DEW)
Didcot Parkway (DID)
Didsbury Village (Metrolink) (DVM)
Digby & Sowton (DIG)
Dilton Marsh (DMH)
Dinas (Rhondda) (DMG)
Dinas Powys (DNS)
Dingle Road (DGL)
Dingwall (DIN)
Dinsdale (DND)
Dinting (DTG)
Disley (DSL)
Diss (DIS)
Dockyard Devonport (DOC)
Dodworth (DOD)
Dolau (DOL)
Doleham (DLH)
Dolgarrog (DLG)
Dolwyddelan (DWD)
Doncaster (DON)
Dorchester South (DCH)
Dorchester South or Dorchester West (DRC)
Dorchester West (DCW)
Dore & Totley (DOR)
Dorking (DKG)
Dorking (Deepdene) (DPD)
Dorking West (DKT)
Dorking, Dorking West or Dorking Deepdene (DRK)
Dormans (DMS)
Dorridge (DDG)
Dove Holes (DVH)
Dover Priory (DVP)
Dovercourt (DVC)
Dovey Junction (DVY)
Downham Market (DOW)
Drayton Green (DRG)
Drayton Park (DYP)
Drem (DRM)
Driffield (DRF)
Drigg (DRI)
Droitwich Spa (DTW)
Dronfield (DRO)
Droylsden (Metrolink) (DML)
Drumchapel (DMC)
Drumfrochar (DFR)
Drumgelloch (DRU)
Drumry (DMY)
Duddeston (DUD)
Dudley Port (DDP)
Duffield (DFI)
Duirinish (DRN)
Duke Street (DST)
Dullingham (DUL)
Dumbarton Central (DBC)
Dumbarton East (DBE)
Dumbreck (DUM)
Dumfries (DMF)
Dumpton Park (DMP)
Dunbar (DUN)
Dunblane (DBL)
Duncraig (DCG)
Dundee (DEE)
Dunfermline City (DFE)
Dunfermline Queen Margaret (DFL)
Dunkeld & Birnam (DKD)
Dunlop (DNL)
Dunoon (DUO)
Dunrobin Castle (DNO)
Duns (DUU)
Dunston (DOT)
Dunton Green (DNG)
Durham (DHM)
Durrington (DUR)
Dyce (DYC)
Dyffryn Ardudwy (DYF)
ELLAND (ELN)
EXPLORE CAMBRIAN FAM
EXPLORE CDF CAP
Eaglescliffe (EAG)
Ealing Broadway (EAL)
Earlestown (ERL)
Earley (EAR)
Earlsfield (EAD)
Earlston (EAS)
Earlswood (Surrey) (ELD)
Earlswood (West Midlands) (EWD)
East Boldon (EBL)
East Croydon (ECR)
East Croydon or West Croydon (CYD)
East Didsbury (EDY)
East Didsbury (Metrolink) (EDM)
East Dulwich (EDW)
East Farleigh (EFL)
East Garforth (EGF)
East Grinstead (EGR)
East Kilbride (EKL)
East Linton (ELT)
East M Air/Dby (QEA)
East Malling (EML)
East Midlands Parkway (EMD)
East Tilbury (ETL)
East Worthing (EWR)
Eastbourne (EBN)
Eastbrook (EBK)
Easterhouse (EST)
Eastham Rake (ERA)
Eastleigh (ESL)
Eastrington (EGN)
Ebbsfleet International (EBD)
Ebbw Vale Parkway (EBV)
Ebbw Vale Town (EBB)
Eccles (Manchester) (ECC)
Eccles (Metrolink) (ECM)
Eccles Road (ECS)
Eccleston Park (ECL)
Edale (EDL)
Eden Camp Bus
Eden Park (EDN)
Edenbridge (EBR)
Edenbridge Town (EBT)
Edenbridge or Edenbridge Town (EDE)
Edge Hill (EDG)
Edge Lane (Metrolink) (ELM)
Edinburgh (EDB)
Edinburgh Airport Bus/Tram (EDA)
Edinburgh Gateway (EGY)
Edinburgh Park (EDP)
Edmonton Green (EDR)
Effingham Junction (EFF)
Eggesford (EGG)
Egham (EGH)
Egton (EGT)
Elephant & Castle (EPH)
Elgin (ELG)
Ellesmere Port (ELP)
Elmers End (ELE)
Elmstead Woods (ESD)
Elmswell (ESW)
Elsecar (ELR)
Elsenham Essex (ESM)
Elstree & Borehamwood (ELS)
Eltham (ELW)
Elton & Orston (ELO)
Elverson Road (ZAC)
Ely (ELY)
Emerson Park (EMP)
Emsworth (EMS)
Energlyn & Churchill Park (ECP)
Enfield Chase (ENC)
Enfield Chase or Enfield Town (EFI)
Enfield Lock (ENL)
Enfield Town (ENF)
Entwistle (ENT)
Epsom (EPS)
Epsom Downs (EPD)
Erdington (ERD)
Eridge (ERI)
Erith (ERH)
Esher (ESH)
Eskbank (EKB)
Essex Road (EXR)
Etchingham (ETC)
Etihad Camp (Metrolink) (EHC)
Euxton Balshaw Lane (EBA)
Evesham (EVE)
Ewell East (EWE)
Ewell West (EWW)
Exchange Quay (Metrolink) (EXQ)
Exeter Central (EXC)
Exeter St Davids (EXD)
Exeter St Thomas (EXT)
Exhibition Centre (Glasgow) (EXG)
Exmouth (EXM)
Exton (EXN)
Eynsford (EYN)
Failsworth (Metrolink) (FLS)
Fairbourne (FRB)
Fairfield (FRF)
Fairlie (FRL)
Fairlop (Underground) (ZFA)
Fairwater (FRW)
Falconwood (FCN)
Falkirk Grahamston (FKG)
Falkirk Grahamston or Falkirk High (FLK)
Falkirk High (FKK)
Falls of Cruachan (FOC)
Falmer (FMR)
Falmouth Docks (FAL)
Falmouth Town (FMT)
Fareham (FRM)
Farnborough Main (FNB)
Farnborough Main or Farnborough North (FBO)
Farnborough North (FNN)
Farncombe (FNC)
Farnham (FNH)
Farningham Road (FNR)
Farnworth (FNW)
Farringdon (ZFD)
Fauldhouse (FLD)
Faversham (FAV)
Faygate (FGT)
Fazakerley (FAZ)
Fearn (FRN)
Featherstone (FEA)
Felixstowe (FLX)
Fellgate Metro (FEG)
Feltham (FEL)
Feniton (FNT)
Fenny Stratford (FEN)
Fernhill (FER)
Ferriby (FRY)
Ferryside (FYS)
Ffairfach (FFA)
Filey (FIL)
Filton Abbeywood (FIT)
Finchley Road & Frognal (FNY)
Finsbury Park (FPK)
Finstock (FIN)
Fishbourne (Sussex) (FSB)
Fishersgate (FSG)
Fishguard & Goodwick (FGW)
Fishguard Harbour (FGH)
Fiskerton (FSK)
Fitzwilliam (FZW)
Five Ways (FWY)
Fleet (FLE)
Flimby (FLM)
Flint (FLN)
Flitwick (FLT)
Flixton (FLI)
Flowery Field (FLF)
Folkestone Central (FKC)
Folkestone Central or Folkestone West (FOL)
Folkestone West (FKW)
Ford (FOD)
Forest Gate (FOG)
Forest Hill (FOH)
Formby (FBY)
Forres (FOR)
Forsinard (FRS)
Fort Matilda (FTM)
Fort William (FTW)
Four Oaks (FOK)
Foxfield (FOX)
Foxton (FXN)
Frant (FRT)
Fratton (FTN)
Freehold (Metrolink) (FHM)
Freshfield (FRE)
Freshford (FFD)
Frimley (FML)
Frinton-on-Sea (FRI)
Frizinghall (FZH)
Frodsham (FRD)
Frome (FRO)
Fulwell (FLW)
Furness Vale (FNV)
Furze Platt (FZP)
GM Metrolink Z1 (QMA)
GM Metrolink Z1-2 (QMB)
GM Metrolink Z1-3 (QMC)
GM Metrolink Z1-4 (QMD)
Gainsborough Central (GNB)
Gainsborough Central or Gainsborough Lea Road (GAI)
Gainsborough Lea Road (GBL)
Galashiels (GAL)
Galashiels (via Berwick) (XAA)
Gallions Reach (DLR) (ZGC)
Gants Hill (Underground) (ZGA)
Garelochhead (GCH)
Garforth (GRF)
Gargrave (GGV)
Garrowhill (GAR)
Garscadden (GRS)
Garsdale (GSD)
Garston (Herts) (GSN)
Garswood (GSW)
Gartcosh (GRH)
Garth (Bridgend) (GMG)
Garth (Powys) (GTH)
Garve (GVE)
Gathurst (GST)
Gatley (GTY)
Gatwick Airport (GTW)
Georgemas Junction (GGJ)
Gerrards Cross (GER)
Gidea Park (GDP)
Giffnock (GFN)
Giggleswick (GIG)
Gilberdyke (GBD)
Gilfach Fargoed (GFF)
Gillingham (Dorset) (GIL)
Gillingham (Kent) (GLM)
Gilshochill (GSC)
Gipsy Hill (GIP)
Girvan (GIR)
Glaisdale (GLS)
Glan Conwy (GCW)
Glasgow Airport (GGT)
Glasgow Airport Xbus (QGA)
Glasgow Central (GLC)
Glasgow Central or Glasgow Queen Street (GLW)
Glasgow Queen Street (GLQ)
Glasshoughton (GLH)
Glastonbury Bus (XEA)
Glazebrook (GLZ)
Gleneagles (GLE)
Glenfinnan (GLF)
Glengarnock (GLG)
Glenrothes (GLT)
Glossop (GLO)
Gloucester (GCR)
Glynde (GLY)
Gobowen (GOB)
Godalming (GOD)
Godley (GDL)
Godstone (GDN)
Goldthorpe (GOE)
Golf Street (GOF)
Golspie (GOL)
Gomshall (GOM)
Goodmayes (GMY)
Goole (GOO)
Goostrey (GTR)
Gordon Hill (GDH)
Gorebridge (GBG)
Goring & Streatley (GOR)
Goring by Sea (GBS)
Gorton (GTO)
Gospel Oak (GPO)
Gourock (GRK)
Gourock Pier (GXX)
Gowerton (GWN)
Goxhill (GOX)
Grange Over Sands (GOS)
Grange Park (GPK)
Grangetown (Cardiff) (GTN)
Grantham (GRA)
Grateley (GRT)
Gravelly Hill (GVH)
Gravesend (GRV)
Grays (GRY)
Great Ayton (GTA)
Great Bentley (GRB)
Great Chesterford (GRC)
Great Coates (GCT)
Great Malvern (GMV)
Great Missenden (GMN)
Great Yarmouth (GYM)
Green Lane (GNL)
Green Road (GNR)
Greenbank (GBK)
Greenfaulds (GRL)
Greenfield (GNF)
Greenford (GFD)
Greenhithe (GNH)
Greenock Central (GKC)
Greenock West (GKW)
Greenwich (GNW)
Gretna Green (GEA)
Grimsby Docks (GMD)
Grimsby Town (GMB)
Grindleford (GRN)
Grosmont (GMT)
Grove Park (GRP)
Guide Bridge (GUI)
Guildford (GLD)
Guiseley (GSY)
Gunnersbury (GUN)
Gunnislake (GSL)
Gunton (GNT)
Gwersyllt (GWE)
Gypsy Lane (GYP)
HARWICH TOWN (HWC)
Habrough (HAB)
Hackbridge (HCB)
Hackney Central (HKC)
Hackney Downs (HAC)
Hackney Wick (HKW)
Haddenham & Thame Parkway (HDM)
Haddiscoe (HAD)
Hadfield (HDF)
Hadley Wood (HDW)
Hag Fold (HGF)
Haggerston (HGG)
Hagley (HAG)
Hairmyres (HMY)
Hale (HAL)
Halesworth (HAS)
Halewood (HED)
Halifax (HFX)
Hall Green (HLG)
Hall Road (HLR)
Hall-i'-Th'-Wood (HID)
Halling (HAI)
Haltwhistle (HWH)
Ham Street (HMT)
Hamble (HME)
Hamilton Central (HNC)
Hamilton West (HNW)
Hammerton (HMM)
Hampden Park (Sussex) (HMD)
Hampstead Heath (HDH)
Hampton (London) (HMP)
Hampton Court (HMC)
Hampton Wick (HMW)
Hampton-in-Arden (HIA)
Hamstead (Birmingham) (HSD)
Hamworthy (HAM)
Hanborough (HND)
Handforth (HTH)
Hanwell (HAN)
Hapton (HPN)
Harbour City (Metrolink) (HBC)
Harlech (HRL)
Harlesden (HDN)
Harling Road (HRD)
Harlington (Beds) (HLN)
Harlow Mill (HWM)
Harlow Town (HWN)
Harold Wood (HRO)
Harpenden (HPD)
Harrietsham (HRM)
Harringay (HGY)
Harringay Green Lanes (HRY)
Harrington (HRR)
Harrogate (HGT)
Harrow & Wealdstone (HRW)
Harrow-on-the-Hill (HOH)
Hartford (HTF)
Hartlebury (HBY)
Hartlepool (HPL)
Hartwood (HTW)
Harwich International (HPQ)
Haslemere (HSL)
Hassocks (HSK)
Hastings (HGS)
Hatch End (HTE)
Hatfield & Stainforth (HFS)
Hatfield (Herts) (HAT)
Hatfield Peverel (HAP)
Hathersage (HSG)
Hattersley (HTY)
Hatton (HTN)
Havant (HAV)
Havenhouse (HVN)
Haverfordwest (HVF)
Hawarden (HWD)
Hawarden Bridge (HWB)
Hawes (HMK)
Hawick
Hawkhead (HKH)
Haydon Bridge (HDB)
Haydons Road (HYR)
Hayes & Harlington (HAY)
Hayes (Kent) (HYS)
Hayle (HYL)
Haymarket (HYM)
Haywards Heath (HHE)
Hazel Grove (HAZ)
Headbolt Lane (HBL)
Headcorn (HCN)
Headingley (HDY)
Headstone Lane (HDL)
Heald Green (HDG)
Healing (HLI)
Heath High Level (HHL)
Heath Low Level (HLL)
Heathrow (Underground) (ZHJ)
Heathrow Rail (HRA)
Heathrow Terminal 2 Bus (HWA)
Heathrow Terminal 3 Bus (HWE)
Heathrow Terminal 4 (HAF)
Heathrow Terminal 4 Bus (HWF)
Heathrow Terminal 5 (HWV)
Heathrow Terminals 2 & 3 (HXX)
Heaton Chapel (HTC)
Heaton Park (Metrolink) (HPK)
Hebden Bridge (HBD)
Heckington (HEC)
Hedge End (HDE)
Hednesford (HNF)
Heighington (HEI)
Helensburgh Central (HLC)
Helensburgh Central or Helensburgh Upper (HLH)
Helensburgh Upper (HLU)
Hellifield (HLD)
Helmsdale (HMS)
Helsby (HSB)
Helston Bus (XAV)
Hemel Hempstead (HML)
Hendon (HEN)
Hengoed (HNG)
Henley in Arden (HNL)
Henley on Thames (HOT)
Hensall (HEL)
Hereford (HFD)
Herne Bay (HNB)
Herne Hill (HNH)
Heron Quays (DLR) (ZHQ)
Hersham (HER)
Hertford East (HFE)
Hertford East or Hertford North (HRT)
Hertford North (HFN)
Hessle (HES)
Heswall (HSW)
Hever (HEV)
Heworth (HEW)
Heworth (Metro) (HEZ)
Hexham (HEX)
Heyford (HYD)
Heysham Port (HHB)
High Brooms (HIB)
High Street (Glasgow) (HST)
High Wycombe (HWY)
Higham (Kent) (HGM)
Highams Park (HIP)
Highbridge (HIG)
Highbury & Islington (HHY)
Hightown (HTO)
Hildenborough (HLB)
Hillfoot (HLF)
Hillington East (HLE)
Hillington West (HLW)
Hillside (HIL)
Hilsea (HLS)
Hinchley Wood (HYW)
Hinckley (Leics) (HNK)
Hindley (HIN)
Hinton Admiral (HNA)
Hitchin (HIT)
Hither Green (HGR)
Hockley (HOC)
Hollingbourne (HBN)
Hollinwood (Metrolink) (HOD)
Holmes Chapel (HCH)
Holmwood (Surrey) (HLM)
Holt Town (Metrolink) (HTM)
Holton Heath (HOL)
Holyhead (HHD)
Holytown (HLY)
Homerton (HMN)
Honeybourne (HYB)
Honiton (HON)
Honley (HOY)
Honor Oak Park (HPA)
Hook (HOK)
Hooton (HOO)
Hope (Derbyshire) (HOP)
Hope (Flints) (HPE)
Hopton Heath (HPT)
Horden (HRE)
Horley (HOR)
Hornbeam Park (HBP)
Hornsey (HRN)
Horsforth (HRS)
Horsham (HRH)
Horsley (HSY)
Horton in Ribblesdale (HIR)
Horwich Parkway (HWI)
Hoscar (HSC)
Hough Green (HGN)
Hounslow (HOU)
Hove (HOV)
Hoveton & Wroxham (HXM)
How Wood (HWW)
Howden (HOW)
Howwood (Strathclyde) (HOZ)
Hoxton (HOX)
Hoylake (HYK)
Hubberts Bridge (HBB)
Hucknall (HKN)
Huddersfield (HUD)
Hull (HUL)
Humphrey Park (HUP)
Huncoat (HCT)
Hungerford (HGD)
Hunmanby (HUB)
Hunstanton Bus (HUS)
Huntingdon (HUN)
Huntly (HNT)
Hunts Cross (HNX)
Hurst Green (HUR)
Hutton Cranswick (HUT)
Huyton (HUY)
Hyde Central (HYC)
Hyde North (HYT)
Hykeham (HKM)
Hyndland (HYN)
Hythe (Essex) (HYH)
IBM Halt
Ifield (IFI)
Ilford (IFD)
Ilkeston (ILN)
Ilkley (ILK)
Imperial Wharf (IMW)
Ince & Elton (INE)
Ince (Manchester) (INC)
Ingatestone (INT)
Insch (INS)
Interchangeable Clacton/Frinton & Walton (QCW)
Invergordon (IGD)
Invergowrie (ING)
Inverkeithing (INK)
Inverkip (INP)
Inverness (INV)
Inverness Airport (IVA)
Invershin (INH)
Inverurie (INR)
Ipswich (IPS)
Irlam (IRL)
Irvine (IRV)
Island Gardens (DLR) (ZIG)
Isleworth (ISL)
Islip (ISP)
Iver (IVR)
Ivybridge (IVY)
James Cook University Hospital (JCH)
James St (Liverpool) (LVJ)
Jewellery Quarter (JEQ)
Johnston (Pembrokeshire) (JOH)
Johnstone (Strathclyde) (JHN)
Jordanhill (JOR)
Kearsley (Manchester) (KSL)
Kearsney (Kent) (KSN)
Keighley (KEI)
Keith (KEH)
Kelvedon (KEL)
Kelvindale (KVD)
Kemble (KEM)
Kempston Hardwick (KMH)
Kempton Park (KMP)
Kemsing (KMS)
Kemsley (KML)
Kendal (KEN)
Kenilworth (KNW)
Kenley (KLY)
Kennett (KNE)
Kennishead (KNS)
Kensal Green (KNL)
Kensal Rise (KNR)
Kensington Olympia (KPA)
Kent House (KTH)
Kentish Town (KTN)
Kentish Town West (KTW)
Kenton (KNT)
Kents Bank (KBK)
Keswick Bus (KWK)
Keswick Bus Redundant (QKB)
Kettering (KET)
Kew Bridge (KWB)
Kew Gardens (KWG)
Keyham (KEY)
Keynsham (KYN)
Kidbrooke (KDB)
Kidderminster (KID)
Kidsgrove (KDG)
Kidwelly (KWL)
Kilburn High Road (KBN)
Kildale (KLD)
Kildonan (KIL)
Kilgetty (KGT)
Kilmarnock (KMK)
Kilmaurs (KLM)
Kilpatrick (KPT)
Kilwinning (KWN)
Kinbrace (KBC)
Kingham (KGM)
Kinghorn (KGH)
Kings Langley (KGL)
Kings Lynn (KLN)
Kings Lynn Coach (KLB)
Kings Norton (KNN)
Kings Nympton (KGN)
Kings Park (KGP)
Kings Sutton (KGS)
Kingsknowe (KGE)
Kingston (KNG)
Kingsway Business Park (Metrolink) (KBM)
Kingswood (KND)
Kingussie (KIN)
Kintbury (KIT)
Kintore (KTR)
Kirby Cross (KBX)
Kirk Sandall (KKS)
Kirkby (Merseyside) (KIR)
Kirkby Stephen (KSW)
Kirkby in Ashfield (KKB)
Kirkby in Furness (KBF)
Kirkcaldy (KDY)
Kirkconnel (KRK)
Kirkdale (KKD)
Kirkham & Wesham (KKM)
Kirkhill (KKH)
Kirknewton (KKN)
Kirkstall Forge (KLF)
Kirkwood (KWD)
Kirton Lindsey (KTL)
Kiveton Bridge (KIV)
Kiveton Park (KVP)
Knaresborough (KNA)
Knebworth (KBW)
Knighton (KNI)
Knightsbridge (ZKN)
Knockholt (KCK)
Knottingley (KNO)
Knucklas (KNU)
Knutsford (KNF)
Kyle of Lochalsh (KYL)
Ladybank (LDY)
Ladywell (LAD)
Ladywell (Metrolink) (LDW)
Laindon (LAI)
Lairg (LRG)
Lake (LKE)
Lakenheath (LAK)
Lampeter (Bus) (LTR)
Lamphey (LAM)
Lanark (LNK)
Lancaster (LAN)
Lancing (LAC)
Landywood (LAW)
Langbank (LGB)
Langho (LHO)
Langholm
Langley (Berks) (LNY)
Langley Green (LGG)
Langley Mill (LGM)
Langside (LGS)
Langwathby (LGW)
Langwith-Whaley Thorns (LAG)
Langworthy (Metrolink) (LWY)
Lapford (LAP)
Lapworth (LPW)
Larbert (LBT)
Largs (LAR)
Larkhall (LRH)
Laurencekirk (LAU)
Lawrence Hill (LWH)
Layton (Lancs) (LAY)
Lazonby & Kirkoswald (LZB)
Lea Bridge (LEB)
Lea Green (LEG)
Lea Hall (LEH)
Leagrave (LEA)
Lealholm (LHM)
Leamington Spa (LMS)
Leasowe (LSW)
Leatherhead (LHD)
Ledbury (LED)
Lee (London) (LEE)
Leeds (LDS)
Leeds Bradford Airport Flyer (XLB)
Leeds Fest Bus (XLD)
Leicester (LEI)
Leigh (Kent) (LIH)
Leigh-on-Sea (LES)
Leighton Buzzard (LBZ)
Lelant (LEL)
Lelant Saltings (LTS)
Lenham (LEN)
Lenzie (LNZ)
Leominster (LEO)
Letchworth Garden City (LET)
Leuchars (LEU)
Leven (LEV)
Levenshulme (LVM)
Lewes (LWS)
Lewisham (LEW)
Leyland (LEY)
Leyton Midland Road (LEM)
Leytonstone High Road (LER)
Lichfield City (LIC)
Lichfield Trent Valley (LTV)
Lidlington (LID)
Lifton Arundell Arms Hotel (LAA)
Limehouse (ZLH)
Limehouse (LHS)
Lincoln (LCN)
Lingfield (LFD)
Lingwood (LGD)
Linlithgow (LIN)
Liphook (LIP)
Liskeard (LSK)
Liss (LIS)
Lisvane & Thornhill (LVT)
Little Kimble (LTK)
Little Sutton (LTT)
Littleborough (LTL)
Littlehampton (LIT)
Littlehaven (LVN)
Littleport (LTP)
Liverpool Central (LVC)
Liverpool Lime St (LIV)
Liverpool Lime Street, Central, James Street or Moorfields (LVP)
Liverpool South Parkway (LPY)
Livingston North (LSN)
Livingston South (LVG)
Llanaber (LLA)
Llanbedr (LBR)
Llanbister Road (LLT)
Llanbradach (LNB)
Llandaf (LLN)
Llandanwg (LDN)
Llandecwyn (LLC)
Llandeilo (LLL)
Llandovery (LLV)
Llandrindod (LLO)
Llandudno (LLD)
Llandudno Junction (LLJ)
Llandybie (LLI)
Llanelli (LLE)
Llanfairfechan (LLF)
Llanfairpwll (LPG)
Llangadog (LLG)
Llangammarch (LLM)
Llangennech (LLH)
Llangynllo (LGO)
Llanharan (LLR)
Llanhilleth (LTH)
Llanishen (LLS)
Llanrwst (LWR)
Llansamlet (LAS)
Llantwit Major (LWM)
Llanwrda (LNR)
Llanwrtyd (LNW)
Llwyngwril (LLW)
Llwynypia (LLY)
Loch Awe (LHA)
Loch Eil Outward Bound (LHE)
Lochailort (LCL)
Lochboisdale (LCB)
Locheilside (LCS)
Lochgelly (LCG)
Lochluichart (LCC)
Lochwinnoch (LHW)
Lockerbie (LOC)
Lockwood (LCK)
London Blackfriars (BFR)
London Bridge (LBG)
London Cannon Street (CST)
London Charing Cross (CHX)
London Euston (EUS)
London Fenchurch Street (FST)
London Fields (LOF)
London Kings Cross (KGX)
London Liverpool Street (LST)
London Marylebone (MYB)
London Paddington (PAD)
London Road (Brighton) (LRB)
London Road (Guildford) (LRD)
London St Pancras International (STP)
London Terminals (LON)
London Thameslink (THK)
London Travelcard Zone 1
London Travelcard Zone 1-2
London Travelcard Zone 2
London Travelcard Zone 3
London Travelcard Zone 4
London Travelcard Zone 5
London Travelcard Zone 6
London Travelcard Zones 1-3
London Travelcard Zones 1-4
London Travelcard Zones 1-5
London Travelcard Zones 1-6
London Underground Zone 1
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-2
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-3
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-4
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-5
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-6
London Victoria (VIC)
London Waterloo (WAT)
London Waterloo East (WAE)
Long Buckby (LBK)
Long Eaton (LGE)
Long Preston (LPR)
Longbeck (LGK)
Longbridge (LOB)
Longcross (LNG)
Longfield (LGF)
Longniddry (LND)
Longport (LPT)
Longton (LGN)
Looe (LOO)
Lostock (LOT)
Lostock Gralam (LTG)
Lostock Hall (LOH)
Lostwithiel (LOS)
Loughborough (LBO)
Loughborough Junction (LGJ)
Low Moor (LMR)
Lowdham (LOW)
Lower Sydenham (LSY)
Lowestoft (LWT)
Lpool Airprt Bus (LJL)
Ludlow (LUD)
Luton (LUT)
Luton Airport (LUA)
Luton Airport Parkway (LTN)
Luxulyan (LUX)
Lydney (LYD)
Lye (West Midlands) (LYE)
Lyme Regis via First Bus X51/X53 (LPO)
Lymington Pier (LYP)
Lymington Town (LYT)
Lympstone Commando (LYC)
Lympstone Village (LYM)
Lytham (LTM)
METROLINK Z1-4 (QMJ)
METROLINK Z4 (QME)
Macclesfield (MAC)
Machynlleth (MCN)
Maerdy via Porth Interchange (QBL)
Maesteg (MST)
Maesteg (Ewenny Road) (MEW)
Maghull (MAG)
Maghull North (MNS)
Maiden Newton (MDN)
Maidenhead (MAI)
Maidstone Barracks (MDB)
Maidstone East (MDE)
Maidstone East, West or Barracks (MAD)
Maidstone West (MDW)
Malden Manor (MAL)
Mallaig (MLG)
Malton (MLT)
Malvern Link (MVL)
Manchester (Central Zone) (MCZ)
Manchester Airport (MIA)
Manchester Airport (Metrolink) (MNA)
Manchester Oxford Road (MCO)
Manchester Piccadilly (MAN)
Manchester Piccadilly, Victoria, Oxford Road or Deansgate (MCR)
Manchester Victoria (MCV)
Manea (MNE)
Manningtree (MNG)
Manor Park (MNP)
Manor Road (MNR)
Manorbier (MRB)
Manors (MAS)
Mansfield (MFT)
Mansfield Woodhouse (MSW)
March (MCH)
Marden (Kent) (MRN)
Margate (MAR)
Market Harborough (MHR)
Market Rasen (MKR)
Markinch (MNC)
Marks Tey (MKT)
Marlow (MLW)
Marple (MPL)
Marsden (Yorkshire) (MSN)
Marsh Barton (MBT)
Marske (MSK)
Marston Green (MGN)
Martin Mill (MTM)
Martins Heron (MAO)
Martinscroft (Metrolink) (MCF)
Marton (MTO)
Maryhill (MYH)
Maryland (MYL)
Maryport (MRY)
Matlock (MAT)
Matlock Bath (MTB)
Mauldeth Road (MAU)
Maxwell Park (MAX)
Maybole (MAY)
Maze Hill (MZH)
Meadowhall (MHS)
Meldreth (MEL)
Melksham (MKM)
Melrose (MLS)
Melton (Suffolk) (MES)
Melton Mowbray (MMO)
Menheniot (MEN)
Menston (MNN)
Meols (MEO)
Meols Cop (MEC)
Meopham (MEP)
Meridian Water (MRW)
Merryton (MEY)
Merstham (MHM)
Merthyr Tydfil (MER)
Merthyr Vale (MEV)
Metheringham (MGM)
Metro Tyne & Wear All Zones
Metro Tyne & Wear Zone A
Metrocentre (MCE)
Metrolink Z1-2 (QMH)
Metrolink Z1-3 (QMI)
Metrolink Z2-4 (QMG)
Metrolink Z3-4 (QMF)
Mevagissey Bus (XEF)
Mexborough (MEX)
Micheldever (MIC)
Micklefield (MIK)
Middlesbrough (MBR)
Middlewood (MDL)
Midgham (MDG)
Midsomer Norton Bus (XBR)
Milford (Surrey) (MLF)
Milford Haven (MFH)
Mill Hill (Lancs) (MLH)
Mill Hill Broadway (MIL)
Millbrook (Beds) (MLB)
Millbrook (Hants) (MBK)
Milliken Park (MIN)
Millom (MLM)
Mills Hill (Manchester) (MIH)
Milngavie (MLN)
Milnrow (Metrolink) (MLR)
Milton Keynes Central (MKC)
Minehead Butlins Bus (XBV)
Minffordd (MFF)
Minster (MSR)
Mira Technology Park (MTE)
Mirfield (MIR)
Mistley (MIS)
Mitcham Eastfields (MTC)
Mitcham Junction (MIJ)
Mobberley (MOB)
Monifieth (MON)
Monks Risborough (MRS)
Monsall (Metrolink) (MSM)
Montpelier (MTP)
Montrose (MTS)
Moor Road (Metrolink) (MDM)
Moorfields (MRF)
Moorgate (MOG)
Moorsbus Rover
Moorside (MSD)
Moorthorpe (MRP)
Morar (MRR)
Morchard Road (MRD)
Morden South (MDS)
Morecambe (MCM)
Moreton (Dorset) (MTN)
Moreton (Merseyside) (MRT)
Moreton in Marsh (MIM)
Morfa Mawddach (MFA)
Morley (MLY)
Morpeth (MPT)
Mortimer (MOR)
Mortlake (MTL)
Moses Gate (MSS)
Moss Side (MOS)
Mossley (Manchester) (MSL)
Mossley Hill (MSH)
Mosspark (MPK)
Moston (MSO)
Motherwell (MTH)
Motspur Park (MOT)
Mottingham (MTG)
Mottisfont & Dunbridge (DBG)
Mouldsworth (MLD)
Moulsecoomb (MCB)
Mount Florida (MFL)
Mount Vernon (MTV)
Mountain Ash (MTA)
Mudchute (DLR) (ZMU)
Muir of Ord (MOO)
Muirend (MUI)
Musselburgh (MUB)
Mytholmroyd (MYT)
Nafferton (NFN)
Nailsea & Backwell (NLS)
Nairn (NRN)
Nantwich (NAN)
Narberth (NAR)
Narborough (NBR)
Navigation Road (NVR)
Navigation Road (Metrolink)
Neath (NTH)
Needham Market (NMT)
Neilston (NEI)
Nelson (NEL)
Neston (NES)
Netherfield (NET)
Nethertown (NRT)
Netley (NTL)
New Barnet (NBA)
New Beckenham (NBC)
New Brighton (NBN)
New Clee (NCE)
New Cross (NWX)
New Cross Gate (NXG)
New Cumnock (NCK)
New Eltham (NEH)
New Holland (NHL)
New Hythe (NHE)
New Islington (Metrolink) (NIM)
New Lane (NLN)
New Malden (NEM)
New Mills Central (NMC)
New Mills Newtown (NMN)
New Milton (NWM)
New Pudsey (NPD)
New Southgate (NSG)
Newark Castle (NCT)
Newark Castle or Newark Northgate (NWK)
Newark Northgate (NNG)
Newbold (Metrolink) (NBM)
Newbridge (NBE)
Newbury (NBY)
Newbury Racecourse (NRC)
Newcastle (NCL)
Newcastle (Metro) (NCZ)
Newcastle Airport (APN)
Newcourt (NCO)
Newcraighall (NEW)
Newhaven Harbour (NVH)
Newhaven Town (NVN)
Newhey (Metrolink) (NHY)
Newington (NGT)
Newmarket (NMK)
Newport (Essex) (NWE)
Newport (South Wales) (NWP)
Newquay (NQY)
Newstead (NSD)
Newton (Lanarkshire) (NTN)
Newton Abbot (NTA)
Newton Aycliffe (NAY)
Newton Le Willows (NLW)
Newton St Cyres (NTC)
Newton for Hyde (NWN)
Newton-on-Ayr (NOA)
Newtongrange (NEG)
Newtonmore (NWR)
Newtown (Powys) (NWT)
Ninian Park (NNP)
Nitshill (NIT)
Norbiton (NBT)
Norbury (NRB)
Normans Bay (NSB)
Normanton (NOR)
North Berwick (NBW)
North Camp (NCM)
North Dulwich (NDL)
North Fambridge (NFA)
North Greenwich (Underground) (NGR)
North Llanrwst (NLR)
North Queensferry (NQU)
North Road (NRD)
North Sheen (NSH)
North Walsham (NWA)
North Wembley (NWB)
Northallerton (NTR)
Northampton (NMP)
Northern Moor (Metrolink) (NMR)
Northfield (NFD)
Northfleet (NFL)
Northolt Park (NLT)
Northumberland Park (London) (NUM)
Northwich (NWI)
Norwich (NRW)
Norwood Junction (NWD)
Nottingham (NOT)
Nuneaton (NUN)
Nunhead (NHD)
Nunthorpe (NNT)
Nutbourne (NUT)
Nutfield (NUF)
Nutfield Memorial Hall (XET)
Oakengates (OKN)
Oakham (OKM)
Oakleigh Park (OKL)
Oban (OBN)
Ockendon (OCK)
Ockley (OLY)
Okehampton (OKE)
Okehampton Bus (XCG)
Old Hill (OHL)
Old Roan (ORN)
Old Street (OLD)
Old Trafford (Metrolink) (OTR)
Oldfield Park (OLF)
Oldham Central (Metrolink) (OCM)
Oldham King Street (Metrolink) (OKS)
Oldham Mumps (Metrolink) (OLM)
Olton (OLT)
Ore (ORE)
Ormskirk (OMS)
Orpington (ORP)
Orrell (ORR)
Orrell Park (OPK)
Oswestry Bus Station (OSW)
Otford (OTF)
Oulton Broad North (OUN)
Oulton Broad South (OUS)
Oundle Bus (OUD)
Outwood (OUT)
Overpool (OVE)
Overton (OVR)
Oxenholme Lake District (OXN)
Oxford (OXF)
Oxford Parkway (OXP)
Oxford Westgate (XVE)
Oxshott (OXS)
Oxted (OXT)
Paddock Wood (PDW)
Padgate (PDG)
Padstow Bus (PDT)
Paignton (PGN)
Paisley Canal (PCN)
Paisley Gilmour Street (PYG)
Paisley St James (PYJ)
Palmers Green (PAL)
Pangbourne (PAN)
Pannal (PNL)
Pantyffynnon (PTF)
Par (PAR)
Parbold (PBL)
Park Street (PKT)
Parkstone (Dorset) (PKS)
Parson Street (PSN)
Partick (PTK)
Parton (PRN)
Patchway (PWY)
Patricroft (PAT)
Patterton (PTT)
Peartree (PEA)
Peckham Rye (PMR)
Peel Hall (Metrolink) (PHM)
Pegswood (PEG)
Pemberton (PEM)
Pembrey & Burry Port (PBY)
Pembroke (PMB)
Pembroke Dock (PMD)
Pen Y Bont (Mid Wales) (PNY)
Penally (PNA)
Penarth (PEN)
Pencoed (PCD)
Pengam (PGM)
Penge East (PNE)
Penge East or Penge West (PNG)
Penge West (PNW)
Penhelig (PHG)
Penistone (PNS)
Penkridge (PKG)
Penmaenmawr (PMW)
Penmere (PNM)
Penrhiwceiber (PER)
Penrhyndeudraeth (PRH)
Penrith (PNR)
Penryn (Cornwall) (PYN)
Pensarn (PES)
Penshurst (PHR)
Pentre Bach (PTB)
Penychain (PNC)
Penyffordd (PNF)
Penzance (PNZ)
Penzance Quay (PNQ)
Perranwell (PRW)
Perry Barr (PRY)
Pershore (PSH)
Perth (PTH)
Peterborough (PBO)
Petersfield (PTR)
Petts Wood (PET)
Pevensey & Westham (PEV)
Pevensey Bay (PEB)
Pewsey (PEW)
Pickering Bus (PIZ)
Pilning (PIL)
Pinhoe (PIN)
Pitlochry (PIT)
Pitsea (PSE)
Pleasington (PLS)
Plockton (PLK)
Pluckley (PLC)
Plumley (PLM)
Plumpton (PMP)
Plumstead (PLU)
Plymouth (PLY)
Plymouth Salt Rd (XDJ)
Pokesdown (POK)
Polegate (PLG)
Polesworth (PSW)
Pollokshaws East (PWE)
Pollokshaws West (PWW)
Pollokshields East (PLE)
Pollokshields West (PLW)
Polmont (PMT)
Polsloe Bridge (POL)
Pomona (Metrolink) (PMO)
Ponders End (PON)
Pont-y-Pant (PYP)
Pontarddulais (PTD)
Pontefract Baghill (PFR)
Pontefract Monkhill (PFM)
Pontefract Monkhill or Pontefract Tanshelf (POF)
Pontefract Tanshelf (POT)
Pontlottyn (PLT)
Pontyclun (PYC)
Pontypool & New Inn (PPL)
Pontypridd (PPD)
Poole (POO)
Poplar (DLR) (ZPL)
Poppleton (POP)
Port Glasgow (PTG)
Port Sunlight (PSL)
Port Talbot Parkway (PTA)
Portchester (PTC)
Porth (POR)
Porthmadog (PTM)
Portlethen (PLN)
Portslade (PLD)
Portsmouth & Southsea (PMS)
Portsmouth & Southsea or Portsmouth Harbour (POS)
Portsmouth Arms (PMA)
Portsmouth Harbour (PMH)
Portway Park & Ride (PRI)
Possilpark (PPK)
Potters Bar (PBR)
Poulton Le Fylde (PFY)
Poynton (PYT)
Prees (PRS)
Prescot (PSC)
Prestatyn (PRT)
Prestbury (PRB)
Preston (Lancs) (PRE)
Preston Park (PRP)
Prestonpans (PST)
Prestwich (Metrolink) (PWC)
Prestwick (Strathclyde) (PTW)
Prestwick International (PRA)
Priesthill & Darnley (PTL)
Prince Regent (ZPD)
Princes Risborough (PRR)
Prittlewell (PRL)
Prudhoe (PRU)
Pudding Mill Lane (ZPM)
Pulborough (PUL)
Purfleet (PFL)
Purley (PUR)
Purley Oaks (PUO)
Putney (PUT)
Pwllheli (PWL)
Pye Corner (PYE)
Pyle (PYL)
Quakers Yard (QYD)
Queenborough (QBR)
Queens Park (Glasgow) (QPK)
Queens Park (London) (QPW)
Queens Road Peckham (QRP)
Queenstown Road (Battersea) (QRB)
Quintrell Downs (QUI)
Radcliffe (Metrolink) (RCF)
Radcliffe-on-Trent (RDF)
Radlett (RDT)
Radley (RAD)
Radyr (RDR)
Rainford (RNF)
Rainham (Essex) (RNM)
Rainham (Kent) (RAI)
Rainhill (RNH)
Ramsgate (RAM)
Ramsgreave & Wilpshire (RGW)
Rannoch (RAN)
Rauceby (RAU)
Ravenglass for Eskdale (RAV)
Ravensbourne (RVB)
Ravensthorpe (RVN)
Rawcliffe (RWC)
Rayleigh (RLG)
Raynes Park (RAY)
Reading (RDG)
Reading Green Park (RGP)
Reading West (RDW)
Reading or Reading West (REA)
Rectory Road (REC)
Redbridge (Hants) (RDB)
Redcar Central (RCC)
Redcar East (RCE)
Reddish North (RDN)
Reddish South (RDS)
Redditch (RDC)
Redhill (RDH)
Redland (RDA)
Redruth (RED)
Reedham (London) (RHM)
Reedham (Norfolk) (REE)
Reigate (REI)
Renton (RTN)
Reston (RSN)
Retford (RET)
Rhiwbina (RHI)
Rhoose Cardiff International Airport (RIA)
Rhosneigr (RHO)
Rhyl (RHL)
Rhymney (RHY)
Ribblehead (RHD)
Rice Lane (RIL)
Richmond (London) (RMD)
Richmond Yks Bus (RMK)
Rickmansworth (RIC)
Riddlesdown (RDD)
Ridgmont (RID)
Riding Mill (RDM)
Risca & Pontymister (RCA)
Rishton (RIS)
Robertsbridge (RBR)
Robinswood Road (Metrolink) (RRM)
Robroyston (RRN)
Roby (ROB)
Rochdale (RCD)
Rochdale Station (Metrolink) (XRM)
Rochdale Town Centre (Metrolink) (RTC)
Roche (ROC)
Rochester (RTR)
Rochford (RFD)
Rock Ferry (RFY)
Roding Valley (Underground) (ZRV)
Rogart (ROG)
Rogerstone (ROR)
Rolleston (ROL)
Roman Bridge (RMB)
Romford (RMF)
Romiley (RML)
Romsey (ROM)
Roose (ROO)
Rose Grove (RSG)
Rose Hill (RSH)
Rosyth (ROS)
Rotherham Central (RMC)
Rotherhithe (ROE)
Rothesay (RTY)
Roughton Road (RNR)
Roundthorn (Metrolink) (RTH)
Rowlands Castle (RLN)
Rowley Regis (ROW)
Roy Bridge (RYB)
Royal Albert (DLR) (ZRC)
Roydon Essex (RYN)
Royston (Herts) (RYS)
Ruabon (RUA)
Rufford (RUF)
Rugby (RUG)
Rugeley (Trent Valley) (RGL)
Rugeley Town (RGT)
Runcorn (RUN)
Runcorn East (RUE)
Ruskington (RKT)
Ruswarp (RUS)
Rutherglen (RUT)
Ryde Esplanade (RYD)
Ryde Hoverport (XRD)
Ryde Pier Head (RYP)
Ryde St Johns Road (RYR)
Ryder Brow (RRB)
Rye (Sussex) (RYE)
Rye House (RYH)
Sale (Metrolink) (SLE)
Sale Water Park (Metrolink) (SPM)
Salford Central (SFD)
Salford Crescent (SLD)
Salford Quays (Metrolink) (SAQ)
Salfords (Surrey) (SAF)
Salhouse (SAH)
Salisbury (SAL)
Saltaire (SAE)
Saltash (STS)
Saltburn (SLB)
Saltcoats (SLT)
Saltmarshe (SAM)
Salwick (SLW)
Sandal & Agbrigg (SNA)
Sandbach (SDB)
Sanderstead (SNR)
Sandhills (SDL)
Sandhurst (Berks) (SND)
Sandling (SDG)
Sandown (SAN)
Sandplace (SDP)
Sandwell & Dudley (SAD)
Sandwich (SDW)
Sandy (SDY)
Sankey (SNK)
Sanquhar (SQH)
Sarn (SRR)
Saundersfoot (SDF)
Saunderton (SDR)
Sawbridgeworth (SAW)
Saxilby (SXY)
Saxmundham (SAX)
Scarborough (SCA)
Scotscalder (SCT)
Scotstounhill (SCH)
Scunthorpe (SCU)
Sea Mills (SML)
Seaburn (SEB)
Seaford Sussex (SEF)
Seaforth & Litherland (SFL)
Seaham (SEA)
Seamer (SEM)
Seascale (SSC)
Seaton Carew (SEC)
Seaton Delaval (SEJ)
Seer Green & Jordans (SRG)
Selby (SBY)
Selhurst (SRS)
Selkirk
Sellafield (SEL)
Selling (SEG)
Selly Oak (SLY)
Settle (SET)
Seven Kings (SVK)
Seven Sisters (SVS)
Sevenoaks (SEV)
Severn Beach (SVB)
Severn Tunnel Junction (STJ)
Shadowmoss (Metrolink) (SMM)
Shadwell (SDE)
Shalford (Surrey) (SFR)
Shanklin (SHN)
Shaw & Crompton (Metrolink) (SHA)
Shawfair (SFI)
Shawford (SHW)
Shawlands (SHL)
Sheerness on Sea (SSS)
Sheffield (SHF)
Shelford (Cambs) (SED)
Shenfield (SNF)
Shenstone (SEN)
Shepherds Bush (SPB)
Shepherds Well (SPH)
Shepley (SPY)
Shepperton (SHP)
Shepreth (STH)
Sherborne (SHE)
Sherburn in Elmet (SIE)
Sheringham (SHM)
Shettleston (SLS)
Shieldmuir (SDM)
Shifnal (SFN)
Shildon (SHD)
Shiplake (SHI)
Shipley (Yorkshire) (SHY)
Shippea Hill (SPP)
Shipton (SIP)
Shirebrook (SHB)
Shirehampton (SHH)
Shireoaks (SRO)
Shirley (West Midlands) (SRL)
Shoeburyness (SRY)
Sholing (SHO)
Shoreditch High Street (SDC)
Shoreham (Kent) (SEH)
Shoreham by Sea (SSE)
Shortlands (SRT)
Shotton (SHT)
Shotts (SHS)
Shrewsbury (SHR)
Sidcup (SID)
Sidmouth Bus (SDT)
Sileby (SIL)
Silecroft (SIC)
Silkstone Common (SLK)
Silver Street (SLV)
Silverdale (SVR)
Singer (SIN)
Sittingbourne (SIT)
Skegness (SKG)
Skewen (SKE)
Skipton (SKI)
Skye (Armadale) (ARA)
Slade Green (SGR)
Slaithwaite (SWT)
Slateford (SLA)
Sleaford (SLR)
Sleights (SLH)
Slough (SLO)
Small Heath (SMA)
Smallbrook Junction (SAB)
Smethwick Galton Bridge (SGB)
Smethwick Rolfe Street (SMR)
Smithy Bridge (SMB)
Snaith (SNI)
Snodland (SDA)
Snowdown (SWO)
Soham (SOJ)
Sole Street (SOR)
Solihull (SOL)
Somerleyton (SYT)
South Acton (SAT)
South Bank (SBK)
South Bermondsey (SBM)
South Croydon (SCY)
South Elmsall (SES)
South Greenford (SGN)
South Gyle (SGL)
South Hampstead (SOH)
South Kenton (SOK)
South Merton (SMO)
South Milford (SOM)
South Quay (DLR) (ZSQ)
South Ruislip (SRU)
South Tottenham (STO)
South Wigston (SWS)
South Woodham Ferrers (SOF)
Southall (STL)
Southampton Airport Parkway (SOA)
Southampton Central (SOU)
Southbourne (SOB)
Southbury (SBU)
Southease (SEE)
Southend Airport (SIA)
Southend Central (SOC)
Southend Central or Southend Victoria (SSN)
Southend East (SOE)
Southend Victoria (SOV)
Southminster (SMN)
Southport (SOP)
Southwick (SWK)
Sowerby Bridge (SOW)
Spalding (SPA)
Spean Bridge (SBR)
Spital (SPI)
Spondon (SPO)
Spooner Row (SPN)
Spring Road (SRI)
Springburn (SPR)
Springfield (SPF)
Squires Gate (SQU)
St Agnes Bus (XPX)
St Albans Abbey (SAA)
St Albans City (SAC)
St Andrews Road (SAR)
St Annes-on-the-Sea (SAS)
St Austell (SAU)
St Bees (SBS)
St Budeaux Ferry Road (SBF)
St Budeaux Victoria Road (SBV)
St Columb Road (SCR)
St Denys (SDN)
St Erth (SER)
St Germans (SGM)
St Helens Central (SNH)
St Helens Junction (SHJ)
St Helier (SIH)
St Ives (Cornwall) (SIV)
St James Park (Exeter) (SJP)
St James Street (Walthamstow) (SJS)
St Johns (SAJ)
St Keyne (SKN)
St Leonards Warrior Square (SLQ)
St Margarets (Herts) (SMT)
St Margarets (London) (SMG)
St Mary Cray (SMY)
St Michaels (STM)
St Neots (SNO)
St Peters (STZ)
Stadium of Light (STI)
Stafford (STA)
Staines (SNS)
Stallingborough (SLL)
Stalybridge (SYB)
Stamford (Lincs) (SMD)
Stamford Hill (SMH)
Stanford-le-Hope (SFO)
Stanlow & Thornton (SNT)
Stansted Airport (SSD)
Stansted Mountfitchet (SST)
Staplehurst (SPU)
Stapleton Road (SRD)
Starbeck (SBE)
Starcross (SCS)
Staveley (SVL)
Stechford (SCF)
Steeton & Silsden (SON)
Stepps (SPS)
Stevenage (SVG)
Stevenston (STV)
Stewartby (SWR)
Stewarton (STT)
Stirling (STG)
Stockport (SPT)
Stocksfield (SKS)
Stocksmoor (SSM)
Stockton (STK)
Stoke Mandeville (SKM)
Stoke Newington (SKW)
Stoke-on-Trent (SOT)
Stone (Staffs) (SNE)
Stone Crossing (SCG)
Stone Grnvle Sq (SGQ)
Stonebridge Park (SBP)
Stonegate (SOG)
Stonehaven (STN)
Stonehouse (SHU)
Stoneleigh (SNL)
Stourbridge Junction (SBJ)
Stourbridge Town (SBT)
Stow (SOI)
Stowmarket (SMK)
Stranraer (STR)
Stratford (London) (SRA)
Stratford International (SFA)
Stratford upon Avon (SAV)
Stratford-upon-Avon Parkway (STY)
Strathcarron (STC)
Strawberry Hill (STW)
Streatham (STE)
Streatham Common (SRC)
Streatham Hill (SRH)
Street Bus (XCU)
Streethouse (SHC)
Stretford (Metrolink) (SRF)
Strines (SRN)
Stromeferry (STF)
Strood (Kent) (SOO)
Stroud (Glos) (STD)
Sturry (STU)
Styal (SYA)
Sudbury & Harrow Road (SUD)
Sudbury (Suffolk) (SUY)
Sudbury Hill Harrow (SDH)
Sugar Loaf Halt (SUG)
Summerston (SUM)
Sunbury (SUU)
Sunderland (SUN)
Sundridge Park (SUP)
Sunningdale (SNG)
Sunnymeads (SNY)
Surbiton (SUR)
Surrey Quays (SQE)
Sutton (London) (SUO)
Sutton Coldfield (SUT)
Sutton Common (SUC)
Sutton Parkway (SPK)
Swaffham (Coach) (SWB)
Swale (SWL)
Swanley (SAY)
Swanscombe (SWM)
Swansea (SWA)
Swanwick (SNW)
Sway (SWY)
Swaythling (SWG)
Swinderby (SWD)
Swindon (Wilts) (SWI)
Swineshead (SWE)
Swinton (Manchester) (SNN)
Swinton (South Yorks) (SWN)
Sydenham (London) (SYD)
Sydenham Hill (SYH)
Syon Lane (SYL)
Syston (SYS)
TRANSPENNINE DESTINATION (QTD)
TRANSPENNINE ORIGIN (QTO)
Tackley (TAC)
Tadworth (TAD)
Taffs Well (TAF)
Tain (TAI)
Tal-y-Cafn (TLC)
Talsarnau (TAL)
Talybont (TLB)
Tame Bridge Parkway (TAB)
Tamworth (TAM)
Taplow (TAP)
Tattenham Corner (TAT)
Taunton (TAU)
Taynuilt (TAY)
Teddington (TED)
Teignmouth (TGM)
Telford (TFC)
Temple (ZTM)
Templecombe (TMC)
Tenby (TEN)
Teynham (TEY)
Thames Ditton (THD)
Thanet Parkway (THP)
Thatcham (THA)
Thatto Heath (THH)
The Hawthorns (THW)
The Lakes (TLK)
Theale (THE)
Theobalds Grove (TEO)
Thetford (TTF)
Thirsk (THI)
Thornaby (TBY)
Thorne North (TNN)
Thorne North or Thorne South (THR)
Thorne South (TNS)
Thornford (THO)
Thornliebank (THB)
Thornton Abbey (TNA)
Thornton Heath (TTH)
Thorntonhall (THT)
Thorpe Bay (TPB)
Thorpe Culvert (TPC)
Thorpe-le-Soken (TLS)
Three Bridges (TBD)
Three Oaks (TOK)
Thurgarton (THU)
Thurnscoe (THC)
Thurso (THS)
Thurston (TRS)
Tilbury Riverside (TBR)
Tilbury Town (TIL)
Tilbury Town or Tilbury Riverside (TIB)
Tile Hill (THL)
Tilehurst (TLH)
Timperley (TIM)
Timperley (Metrolink)
Tipton (TIP)
Tir Phil (TIR)
Tisbury (TIS)
Tiverton Parkway (TVP)
Todmorden (TOD)
Tolworth (TOL)
Ton Pentre (TPN)
Tonbridge (TON)
Tondu (TDU)
Tonfanau (TNF)
Tonypandy (TNP)
Tooting (TOO)
Topsham (TOP)
Torquay (TQY)
Torre (TRR)
Totnes (TOT)
Totnes Station Road (XDP)
Tottenham Hale (TOM)
Totteridge (Underground) (ZTW)
Totton (TTN)
Town Green (TWN)
Trafford Bar (Metrolink) (TBM)
Trafford Park (TRA)
Trefforest (TRF)
Trefforest Estate (TRE)
Trehafod (TRH)
Treherbert (TRB)
Treorchy (TRY)
Trimley (TRM)
Tring (TRI)
Troed Y Rhiw (TRD)
Troon (TRN)
Trowbridge (TRO)
Truro (TRU)
Tulloch (TUL)
Tulse Hill (TUH)
Tunbridge Wells (TBW)
Turkey Street (TUR)
Tutbury & Hatton (TUT)
Tweedbank (TWB)
Twickenham (TWI)
Twyford (TWY)
Ty Croes (TYC)
Ty Glas (TGS)
Tygwyn (TYG)
Tyndrum Lower (TYL)
Tyndrum Lower or Tyndrum Upper (TYM)
Tyseley (TYS)
Tywyn (TYW)
Uckfield (UCK)
Uddingston (UDD)
Ulceby (ULC)
Ulleskelf (ULL)
Ulverston (ULV)
Umberleigh (UMB)
University (Birmingham) (UNI)
Uphall (UHA)
Upholland (UPL)
Upminster (UPM)
Upminster (Underground) (ZUM)
Upper Halliford (UPH)
Upper Holloway (UHL)
Upper Tyndrum (UTY)
Upper Warlingham (UWL)
Upton (Merseyside) (UPT)
Upwey (UPW)
Urmston (URM)
Uttoxeter (UTT)
Valley (VAL)
Vauxhall (VXH)
Velopark (Metrolink) (VPM)
Virginia Water (VIR)
Waddon (WDO)
Wadebridge Bus (WBE)
Wadhurst (WAD)
Wainfleet (WFL)
Wakefield Kirkgate (WKK)
Wakefield Westgate (WKF)
Wakefield Westgate or Wakefield Kirkgate (WAK)
Walkden (WKD)
Wallasey Grove Road (WLG)
Wallasey Village (WLV)
Wallingford-Reading Bus
Wallington (WLT)
Wallyford (WAF)
Walmer (WAM)
Walsall (WSL)
Walsden (WDN)
Waltham Cross (WLC)
Walthamstow Central (WHC)
Walthamstow Queens Road (WMW)
Walton (Merseyside) (WAO)
Walton on Thames (WAL)
Walton-on-the-Naze (WON)
Wanborough (WAN)
Wandsworth Common (WSW)
Wandsworth Road (WWR)
Wandsworth Town (WNT)
Wanstead Park (WNP)
Wantage Bus (XDC)
Wapping (WPE)
Warblington (WBL)
Ware (Herts) (WAR)
Wareham (Dorset) (WRM)
Wargrave (WGV)
Warminster (WMN)
Warnham (WNH)
Warrington Bank Quay (WBQ)
Warrington Central (WAC)
Warrington Central or Warrington Bank Quay (WRG)
Warrington West (WAW)
Warwick (WRW)
Warwick Parkway (WRP)
Water Orton (WTO)
Waterbeach (WBC)
Wateringbury (WTR)
Waterloo (Merseyside) (WLO)
Watford High Street (WFH)
Watford Junction (WFJ)
Watford North (WFN)
Watlington (WTG)
Watton-at-Stone (WAS)
Waun-Gron Park (WNG)
Wavertree Technology Park (WAV)
Weaste (Metrolink) (WMT)
Wedgwood (WED)
Wedgwood Lane (WER)
Weeley (WEE)
Weeton (WET)
Welham Green (WMG)
Welling (WLI)
Wellingborough (WEL)
Wellington (Shropshire) (WLN)
Wells Bus (XDH)
Welshpool (WLP)
Welwyn Garden City (WGC)
Welwyn North (WLW)
Wem (WEM)
Wembley Central (WMB)
Wembley Stadium (WCX)
Wemyss Bay (WMS)
Wendover (WND)
Wennington (WNN)
West Allerton (WSA)
West Brompton (WBP)
West Byfleet (WBY)
West Calder (WCL)
West Croydon (WCY)
West Didsbury (Metrolink) (WDI)
West Drayton (WDT)
West Dulwich (WDU)
West Ealing (WEA)
West Ham (WEH)
West Hampstead (WHD)
West Hampstead Thameslink (WHP)
West Hampstead or West Hampstead Thameslink (WSD)
West Horndon (WHR)
West India Quay (DLR) (ZIQ)
West Kilbride (WKB)
West Kirby (WKI)
West Malling (WMA)
West Norwood (WNW)
West Ruislip (WRU)
West Runton (WRN)
West St Leonards (WLD)
West Sutton (WSU)
West Wickham (WWI)
West Worthing (WWO)
Westbury (WSB)
Westcliff (WCF)
Westcombe Park (WCB)
Westenhanger (WHA)
Westerfield (WFI)
Westerhailes (WTA)
Westerton (WES)
Westferry (DLR) (ZFW)
Westgate on Sea (WGA)
Westhoughton (WHG)
Weston Milton (WNM)
Weston Super Mare (WSM)
Westwood (Metrolink) (WWM)
Wetheral (WRL)
Weybridge (WYB)
Weymouth (WEY)
Whaley Bridge (WBR)
Whalley (Lancs) (WHE)
Whatstandwell (WTS)
Whifflet (WFF)
Whimple (WHM)
Whinhill (WNL)
Whiston (WHN)
Whitby (WTB)
Whitby Bus (WTZ)
Whitchurch (Cardiff) (WHT)
Whitchurch (Hants) (WCH)
Whitchurch (Shropshire) (WTC)
White Hart Lane (WHL)
White Notley (WNY)
Whitecraigs (WCR)
Whitefield (Metrolink) (WTF)
Whitehaven (WTH)
Whitland (WTL)
Whitley Bridge (WBD)
Whitlocks End (WTE)
Whitstable (WHI)
Whittlesea (WLE)
Whittlesford Parkway (WLF)
Whitton (London) (WTN)
Whitwell (WWL)
Whyteleafe (WHY)
Whyteleafe South (WHS)
Wick (WCK)
Wickford (WIC)
Wickham Market (WCM)
Widdrington (WDD)
Widnes (WID)
Widney Manor (WMR)
Wigan North Western (WGN)
Wigan North Western or Wigan Wallgate (WIG)
Wigan Wallgate (WGW)
Wigton (WGT)
Wildmill (WMI)
Willesden Junction (WIJ)
Williamwood (WLM)
Willington (WIL)
Wilmcote (WMC)
Wilmslow (WML)
Wilnecote (Staffs) (WNE)
Wimbledon (WIM)
Wimbledon Chase (WBO)
Winchelsea (WSE)
Winchester (WIN)
Winchfield (WNF)
Winchmore Hill (WIH)
Windermere (WDM)
Windsor & Eton Central (WNC)
Windsor & Eton Riverside (WNR)
Winnersh (WNS)
Winnersh Triangle (WTI)
Winsford (WSF)
Wisbech (Coach) (WIS)
Wishaw (WSH)
Witham (WTM)
Withington (Metrolink) (WMM)
Witley (WTY)
Witton (West Midlands) (WTT)
Wivelsfield (WVF)
Wivenhoe (WIV)
Woburn Sands (WOB)
Woking (WOK)
Wokingham (WKM)
Woldingham (WOH)
Wolverhampton (WVH)
Wolverton (WOL)
Wombwell (WOM)
Wood End (WDE)
Wood Street (WST)
Woodbridge (WDB)
Woodgrange Park (WGR)
Woodhall (WDL)
Woodhouse (WDH)
Woodlands Road (Metrolink) (WDR)
Woodlesford (WDS)
Woodley (WLY)
Woodmansterne (WME)
Woodsmoor (WSR)
Wool (WOO)
Woolston (WLS)
Woolwich Arsenal (WWA)
Woolwich Dockyard (WWD)
Wootton Wawen (WWW)
Worcester Foregate Street (WOF)
Worcester Park (WCP)
Worcester Shrub Hill (WOS)
Worcester Shrub Hill or Worcester Foregate Street (WRC)
Worcestershire Parkway (WOP)
Workington (WKG)
Worksop (WRK)
Worle (WOR)
Worplesdon (WPL)
Worstead (WRT)
Worthing (WRH)
Wrabness (WRB)
Wraysbury (WRY)
Wrenbury (WRE)
Wressle (WRS)
Wrexham Central (WXC)
Wrexham General (WRX)
Wye (WYE)
Wylam (WYM)
Wylde Green (WYL)
Wymondham (WMD)
Wythall (WYT)
Wythenshawe Park (Metrolink) (WPM)
Wythenshawe Town Centre (Metrolink) (WHK)
Yalding (YAL)
Yardley Wood (YRD)
Yarm (YRM)
Yarmouth (Isle of Wight) (YMH)
Yate (YAE)
Yatton (YAT)
Yeoford (YEO)
Yeovil Junction (YVJ)
Yeovil Pen Mill (YVP)
Yetminster (YET)
Ynyswen (YNW)
Yoker (YOK)
York (YRK)
Yorton (YRT)
Ystrad (Rhondda) (YSR)
Ystrad Mynach (YSM)
Departing from...
Outbound journey departure station
Abbey Wood (ABW)
Abbey Wood (Elizabeth line) (ABX)
Aber (ABE)
Aberaeron (Bus) (AER)
Abercynon (ACY)
Aberdare (ABA)
Aberdeen (ABD)
Aberdour (AUR)
Aberdovey (AVY)
Abererch (ABH)
Abergavenny (AGV)
Abergele & Pensarn (AGL)
Aberystwyth (AYW)
Abingdon (via Didcot) Bus (XAE)
Abingdon (via Oxford) Bus
Abraham Moss (Metrolink) (AMM)
Accrington (ACR)
Achanalt (AAT)
Achnasheen (ACN)
Achnashellach (ACH)
Acklington (ACK)
Acle (ACL)
Acocks Green (ACG)
Acton Bridge (ACB)
Acton Central (ACC)
Acton Main Line (AML)
Adderley Park (ADD)
Addiewell (ADW)
Addlestone (ASN)
Adisham (ADM)
Adlington (Cheshire) (ADC)
Adlington (Lancs) (ADL)
Adwick (AWK)
Aigburth (AIG)
Ainsdale (ANS)
Aintree (AIN)
Airbles (AIR)
Airdrie (ADR)
Albany Park (AYP)
Albrighton (ALB)
Alderley Edge (ALD)
Aldermaston (AMT)
Aldershot (AHT)
Aldrington (AGT)
Alexandra Palace (AAP)
Alexandra Parade (AXP)
Alexandria (ALX)
Alfreton (ALF)
All Saints (ZAS)
Allens West (ALW)
Alloa (ALO)
Alness (ASS)
Alnmouth (ALM)
Alresford (Essex) (ALR)
Alsager (ASG)
Althorne (Essex) (ALN)
Althorpe (Humberside) (ALP)
Altnabreac (ABC)
Alton (AON)
Altrincham (ALT)
Altrincham (Metrolink) (XNA)
Alvechurch (ALV)
Ambergate (AMB)
Amberley (AMY)
Amersham (AMR)
Ammanford (AMF)
Ancaster (ANC)
Anchorage (Metrolink) (ANH)
Anderston (AND)
Andover (ADV)
Anerley (ANZ)
Anfield&Goodison
Angel (ZAN)
Angmering (ANG)
Annan (ANN)
Anniesland (ANL)
Ansdell & Fairhaven (AFV)
Apperley Bridge (APY)
Appleby (APP)
Appledore (Kent) (APD)
Appleford (APF)
Appley Bridge (APB)
Apsley (APS)
Arbroath (ARB)
Ardgay (ARD)
Ardlui (AUI)
Ardrossan Harbour (ADS)
Ardrossan South Beach (ASB)
Ardrossan Town (ADN)
Ardwick (ADK)
Argyle Street (AGS)
Arisaig (ARG)
Arlesey (ARL)
Armadale (ARM)
Armathwaite (AWT)
Arnside (ARN)
Arram (ARR)
Arrochar & Tarbet (ART)
Arundel (ARU)
Ascot (Berks) (ACT)
Ascott-under-Wychwood (AUW)
Ash (ASH)
Ash Vale (AHV)
Ashburys (ABY)
Ashchurch (ASC)
Ashfield (ASF)
Ashford (Surrey) (AFS)
Ashford International (AFK)
Ashington (ASL)
Ashley (ASY)
Ashley Down (ASD)
Ashtead (AHD)
Ashton Moss (Metrolink) (AMO)
Ashton West (Metrolink) (AWL)
Ashton-under-Lyne (AHN)
Ashton-under-Lyne (Metrolink) (AUL)
Ashurst (Kent) (AHS)
Ashurst (New Forest) (ANF)
Ashwell & Morden (AWM)
Askam (ASK)
Aslockton (ALK)
Aspatria (ASP)
Aspley Guise (APG)
Aston (AST)
Atherstone (Warks) (ATH)
Atherton (Manchester) (ATN)
Attadale (ATT)
Attenborough (ATB)
Attleborough (ATL)
Auchinleck (AUK)
Audenshaw (Metrolink) (ASM)
Audley End (AUD)
Aughton Park (AUG)
Aviemore (AVM)
Avoncliff (AVF)
Avonmouth (AVN)
Axminster (AXM)
Aylesbury (AYS)
Aylesbury Vale Parkway (AVP)
Aylesford (AYL)
Aylesham (AYH)
Ayr (AYR)
Bache (BAC)
Baglan (BAJ)
Bagshot (BAG)
Baguley (Metrolink) (BGK)
Baildon (BLD)
Baillieston (BIO)
Balcombe (BAB)
Baldock (BDK)
Balham (BAL)
Balloch Central (BHC)
Balmossie (BSI)
Bamber Bridge (BMB)
Bamford (BAM)
Banavie (BNV)
Banbury (BAN)
Bangor (Gwynedd) (BNG)
Bank Hall (BAH)
Banstead (BAD)
Barassie (BSS)
Bardon Mill (BLL)
Bare Lane (BAR)
Bargeddie (BGI)
Bargoed (BGD)
Barking (BKG)
Barking Riverside (BGV)
Barlaston (BRT)
Barlaston Orchard Place (Bus) (BPL)
Barlow Moor Road (Metrolink) (BMM)
Barming (BMG)
Barmouth (BRM)
Barnehurst (BNH)
Barnes (BNS)
Barnes Bridge (BNI)
Barnetby (BTB)
Barnham (BAA)
Barnhill (BNL)
Barnsley (BNY)
Barnstaple (BNP)
Barnt Green (BTG)
Barrhead (BRR)
Barrhill (BRL)
Barrow Haven (BAV)
Barrow in Furness (BIF)
Barrow upon Soar (BWS)
Barry (BRY)
Barry Docks (BYD)
Barry Island (BYI)
Barry Links (BYL)
Barton-on-Humber (BAU)
Basildon (BSO)
Basingstoke (BSK)
Bat & Ball (BBL)
Bath Spa (BTH)
Bathgate (BHG)
Batley (BTL)
Battersby (BTT)
Battersea Park (BAK)
Battle (BAT)
Battlesbridge (BLB)
Bayford (BAY)
Beaconsfield (BCF)
Bearley (BER)
Bearsden (BRN)
Bearsted (BSD)
Beasdale (BSL)
Beaulieu Road (BEU)
Beauly (BEL)
Bebington (BEB)
Beccles (BCC)
Beckenham Hill (BEC)
Beckenham Junction (BKJ)
Beckton (ZTN)
Beckton Park (ZBJ)
Bedford (BDM)
Bedford Midland or Bedford St Johns (BFO)
Bedford St Johns (BSJ)
Bedhampton (BDH)
Bedminster (BMT)
Bedworth (BEH)
Bedwyn (BDW)
Beeston (BEE)
Bekesbourne (BKS)
Belle Vue (BLV)
Bellgrove (BLG)
Bellingham (London) (BGM)
Bellshill (BLH)
Belmont (BLM)
Belper (BLP)
Beltring (BEG)
Belvedere (BVD)
Bempton (BEM)
Ben Rhydding (BEY)
Benchill (Metrolink) (BNK)
Benfleet (BEF)
Bentham (BEN)
Bentley (Hants) (BTY)
Bentley (South Yorks) (BYK)
Bere Alston (BAS)
Bere Ferrers (BFE)
Berkhamsted (BKM)
Berkswell (BKW)
Bermuda Park (BEP)
Berney Arms (BYA)
Berry Brow (BBW)
Berrylands (BRS)
Berwick (Sussex) (BRK)
Berwick-upon-Tweed (BWK)
Bescar Lane (BES)
Bescot Stadium (BSC)
Besses o' th' Barn (Metrolink) (BOB)
Betchworth (BTO)
Bethnal Green (BET)
Betws-y-Coed (BYC)
Beverley (BEV)
Bexhill (BEX)
Bexley (BXY)
Bexleyheath (BXH)
Bicester North (BCS)
Bicester North or Bicester Village (BCR)
Bicester Village (BIT)
Bickley (BKL)
Bideford Bus
Bidston (BID)
Biggleswade (BIW)
Bilbrook (BBK)
Billericay (BIC)
Billingham (Cleveland) (BIL)
Billingshurst (BIG)
Bingham (BIN)
Bingley (BIY)
Birchgrove (BCG)
Birchington (BCH)
Birchwood (BWD)
Birkbeck (BIK)
Birkdale (BDL)
Birkenhead Central (BKC)
Birkenhead Hamilton Square (BKQ)
Birkenhead North (BKN)
Birkenhead Park (BKP)
Birmingham International (BHI)
Birmingham Moor Street (BMO)
Birmingham New Street (BHM)
Birmingham New Street, Moor Street or Snow Hill (BIR)
Birmingham Snow Hill (BSW)
Bishop Auckland (BIA)
Bishop Train & Bus
Bishop Train & Bus Group
Bishopbriggs (BBG)
Bishops Stortford (BIS)
Bishopstone (Sussex) (BIP)
Bishopton (Renfrewshire) (BPT)
Bitterne (BTE)
Blackburn (BBN)
Blackheath (BKH)
Blackhorse Road (BHO)
Blackpool North (BPN)
Blackpool Pleasure Beach (BPB)
Blackpool South (BPS)
Blackridge (BKR)
Blackrod (BLK)
Blackwall (ZBH)
Blackwater (BAW)
Blaenau Ffestiniog (BFF)
Blair Atholl (BLA)
Blairhill (BAI)
Blake Street (BKT)
Blakedown (BKD)
Blantyre (BLT)
Blaydon (BLO)
Bleasby (BSB)
Bletchley (BLY)
Bloxwich (BLX)
Bloxwich North (BWN)
Blundellsands & Crosby (BLN)
Blythe Bridge (BYB)
Bodmin Parkway (BOD)
Bodorgan (BOR)
Bognor Regis (BOG)
Bogston (BGS)
Bolton (BON)
Bolton-on-Dearne (BTD)
Bond Street (Elizabeth line) (BDS)
Bookham (BKA)
Bootle (Cumbria) (BOC)
Bootle New Strand (BNW)
Bootle New Strand or Bootle Oriel Road (BOO)
Bootle Oriel Rd (BOT)
Borders Explorer
Bordesley (BBS)
Borough Green & Wrotham (BRG)
Borth (BRH)
Bosham (BOH)
Boston (BSN)
Botley (BOE)
Bottesford (BTF)
Bourne End (BNE)
Bourne End PlusBus
Bournemouth (BMH)
Bournville (BRV)
Bow Brickhill (BWB)
Bow Church (ZBC)
Bow Street (BOW)
Bowes Park (BOP)
Bowker Vale (Metrolink) (BKV)
Bowling (BWG)
Boxhill & Westhumble (BXW)
Bracknell (BCE)
Bradford Forster Square (BDQ)
Bradford Forster Square or Bradford Interchange (BFS)
Bradford Interchange (BDI)
Bradford-on-Avon (BOA)
Brading (BDN)
Braintree (BTR)
Braintree Freeport (BTP)
Bramhall (BML)
Bramley (Hants) (BMY)
Bramley (West Yorks) (BLE)
Brampton (Cumbria) (BMP)
Brampton (Suffolk) (BRP)
Branchton (BCN)
Brandon (BND)
Branksome (BSM)
Braystones (Cumbria) (BYS)
Brecon Bus Interchange (BEO)
Bredbury (BDY)
Breich (BRC)
Brent Cross West (BCZ)
Brentford (BFD)
Brentwood (BRE)
Bricket Wood (BWO)
Bridge of Allan (BEA)
Bridge of Orchy (BRO)
Bridgend (BGN)
Bridgeton (BDG)
Bridgwater (BWT)
Bridlington (BDT)
Brierfield (BRF)
Brigg (BGG)
Brighouse (BGH)
Brighton (BTN)
Brimsdown (BMD)
Brinnington (BNT)
Bristol Airport (A1 Bristol) (BSA)
Bristol Parkway (BPW)
Bristol Temple Meads (BRI)
Brithdir (BHD)
Briton Ferry (BNF)
Brixton (BRX)
Broad Green (BGE)
Broadbottom (BDB)
Broadstairs (BSR)
Broadway (Metrolink) (BRD)
Brockenhurst (BCU)
Brockholes (BHS)
Brockley (BCY)
Brockley Whins (BNR)
Brodick (BDC)
Bromborough (BOM)
Bromborough Rake (BMR)
Bromley Cross (BMC)
Bromley North (BMN)
Bromley South (BMS)
Bromsgrove (BMV)
Brondesbury (BSY)
Brondesbury Park (BSP)
Brooklands (Metrolink) (BOK)
Brookmans Park (BPK)
Brookwood (BKO)
Broome (BME)
Broomfleet (BMF)
Brora (BRA)
Brough (BUH)
Broughty Ferry (BYF)
Broxbourne (BXB)
Bruce Grove (BCV)
Brundall (BDA)
Brundall Gardens (BGA)
Brunstane (BSU)
Brunswick (BRW)
Bruton (BRU)
Bryn (BYN)
Buckenham (Norfolk) (BUC)
Buckley (BCK)
Bucknell (BUK)
Buckshaw Parkway (BSV)
Bude Bus (BUA)
Bugle (BGL)
Builth Road (BHR)
Bulwell (BLW)
Bures (BUE)
Burgess Hill (BUG)
Burley Park (BUY)
Burley-in-Wharfedale (BUW)
Burnage (BNA)
Burneside (Cumbria) (BUD)
Burnham (Bucks) (BNM)
Burnham-on-Crouch (BUU)
Burnley Barracks (BUB)
Burnley Central (BNC)
Burnley Manchester Rd (BYM)
Burnside (South Lanarkshire) (BUI)
Burntisland (BTS)
Burscough Bridge (BCB)
Burscough Junction (BCJ)
Bursledon (BUO)
Burton Joyce (BUJ)
Burton Road (Metrolink) (BRZ)
Burton on Trent (BUT)
Bury (Metrolink) (BUR)
Bury St Edmunds (BSE)
Busby (BUS)
Bush Hill Park (BHK)
Bushey (BSH)
Butlers Lane (BUL)
Buxted (BXD)
Buxton (BUX)
Byfleet & New Haw (BFN)
Bynea (BYE)
CORNWALLRANGER
Cadoxton (CAD)
Caergwrle (CGW)
Caerphilly (CPH)
Caersws (CWS)
Caldercruix (CAC)
Caldicot (CDT)
Caledonian Road & Barnsbury (CIR)
Calstock (CSK)
Cam & Dursley (CDU)
Camberley (CAM)
Camborne (CBN)
Cambridge (CBG)
Cambridge Heath (CBH)
Cambridge North (CMB)
Cambridge South (CMS)
Cambridge or Cambridge North
Cambuslang (CBL)
Camden Road (CMD)
Camelon (CMO)
Cameron Bridge (CBX)
Campbeltown (CBT)
Canada Water (ZCW)
Canary Wharf (DLR) (ZQC)
Canary Wharf (Elizabeth line) (CWX)
Canley (CNL)
Canning Town (DLR) (ZCB)
Cannock (CAO)
Canonbury (CNN)
Canterbury East (CBE)
Canterbury East or Canterbury West (CTY)
Canterbury West (CBW)
Cantley (CNY)
Capenhurst (CPU)
Carbis Bay (CBB)
Cardenden (CDD)
Cardiff Bay (CDB)
Cardiff Central (CDF)
Cardiff Queen Street (CDQ)
Cardigan Finches Square (CAI)
Cardonald (CDO)
Cardross (CDR)
Carfin (CRF)
Cark & Cartmel (CAK)
Carlisle (CAR)
Carlton (CTO)
Carluke (CLU)
Carmarthen (CMN)
Carmyle (CML)
Carnforth (CNF)
Carnoustie (CAN)
Carntyne (CAY)
Carpenders Park (CPK)
Carrbridge (CAG)
Carshalton (CSH)
Carshalton Beeches (CSB)
Carstairs (CRS)
Cartsdyke (CDY)
Castle Bar Park (CBP)
Castle Cary (CLC)
Castlebay (CTB)
Castleford (CFD)
Castleton (Manchester) (CAS)
Castleton Moor (CSM)
Caterham (CAT)
Catford (CTF)
Catford Bridge (CFB)
Catford or Catford Bridge (CAF)
Cathays (CYS)
Cathcart (CCT)
Cattal (CTL)
Catterick Garrison Bus (CGT)
Causeland (CAU)
Cefn Y Bedd (CYB)
Cemetry Road (Metrolink) (CRQ)
Chadwell Heath (CTH)
Chafford Hundred (CFH)
Chalfont & Latimer (CFO)
Chalkwell (CHW)
Chandlers Ford (CFR)
Chapel-en-le-Frith (CEF)
Chapelton (Devon) (CPN)
Chapeltown (Yorks) (CLN)
Chappel & Wakes Colne (CWC)
Charing (Kent) (CHG)
Charing Cross (Glasgow) (CHC)
Charlbury (CBY)
Charlbury Village (CVG)
Charlton (CTN)
Chartham (CRT)
Chassen Road (CSR)
Chatelherault (CTE)
Chatham (CTM)
Chathill (CHT)
Cheadle Hulme (CHU)
Cheam (CHE)
Cheddington (CED)
Chelford (Cheshire) (CEL)
Chelmsford (CHM)
Chelsfield (CLD)
Cheltenham Spa (CNM)
Chepstow (CPW)
Cherry Tree (CYT)
Chertsey (CHY)
Chesham (Underground) (ZCM)
Cheshunt (CHN)
Chessington North (CSN)
Chessington South (CSS)
Chester (CTR)
Chester Road (CRD)
Chester-le-Street (CLS)
Chesterfield (CHD)
Chestfield & Swalecliffe (CSW)
Chetnole (CNO)
Chichester (CCH)
Chilham (CIL)
Chilworth (CHL)
Chingford (CHI)
Chinley (CLY)
Chippenham (CPM)
Chipstead (CHP)
Chirk (CRK)
Chislehurst (CIT)
Chiswick (CHK)
Cholsey (CHO)
Chorley (CRL)
Chorleywood (CLW)
Chorlton (Metrolink) (CNK)
Christchurch (CHR)
Christs Hospital (CHH)
Church & Oswaldtwistle (CTW)
Church Fenton (CHF)
Church Stretton (CTT)
Cilmeri (CIM)
City Thameslink (CTK)
Clacton-on-Sea (CLT)
Clandon (CLA)
Clapham (Yorks) (CPY)
Clapham High Street (CLP)
Clapham Junction (CLJ)
Clapton (CPT)
Clarbeston Road (CLR)
Clarkston (CKS)
Claverdon (CLV)
Claygate (CLG)
Clayton Hall (Metrolink) (CHB)
Cleethorpes (CLE)
Cleland (CEA)
Clifton (Manchester) (CLI)
Clifton Down (CFN)
Clitheroe (CLH)
Clock House (CLK)
Clunderwen (CUW)
Clydebank (CYK)
Coatbridge Central (CBC)
Coatbridge Sunnyside (CBS)
Coatdyke (COA)
Cobham & Stoke D'Abernon (CSD)
Codsall (CSL)
Cogan (CGN)
Colchester (COL)
Colchester Town (CET)
Colchester or Colchester Town (CCL)
Coleshill Parkway (CEH)
Collingham (CLM)
Collington (CLL)
Colne (CNE)
Colwall (CWL)
Colwyn Bay (CWB)
Combe (Oxon) (CME)
Commondale (COM)
Congleton (CNG)
Conisbrough (CNS)
Connel Ferry (CON)
Conon Bridge (CBD)
Cononley (CEY)
Conway Park (CNP)
Conwy (CNW)
Cooden Beach (COB)
Cookham (COO)
Cooksbridge (CBR)
Coombe (Cornwall) (COE)
Copplestone (COP)
Corbridge (CRB)
Corby (COR)
Corby Pboro Bus (CBZ)
Corkerhill (CKH)
Corkickle (CKL)
Cornbrook (Metrolink) (COZ)
Corpach (CPA)
Corrour (CRR)
Coryton (COY)
Coseley (CSY)
Cosford (COS)
Cosham (CSA)
Cottingham (CGM)
Cottingley (COT)
Coulsdon South (CDS)
Coulsdon Town (CDN)
Coventry (COV)
Coventry Arena (CAA)
Cowden (Kent) (CWN)
Cowden Crossroads (COC)
Cowdenbeath (COW)
Cowes East (Red Funnel Ship) (ECW)
Cowes West (Redjet) (WTW)
Cradley Heath (CRA)
Craigendoran (CGD)
Craignure (CRU)
Cramlington (CRM)
Cranbrook (Devon) (CBK)
Craven Arms (CRV)
Crawley (CRW)
Crayford (CRY)
Crediton (CDI)
Cressing (Essex) (CES)
Cressington (CSG)
Creswell (CWD)
Crewe (CRE)
Crewkerne (CKN)
Crews Hill (CWH)
Crianlarich (CNR)
Criccieth (CCC)
Cricklewood (CRI)
Croftfoot (CFF)
Crofton Park (CFT)
Cromer (CMR)
Cromford (CMF)
Crookston (CKT)
Cross Gates (CRG)
Crossacres (Metrolink) (CMK)
Crossflatts (CFL)
Crossharbour (DLR) (ZCH)
Crosshill (COI)
Crosskeys (CKY)
Crossmyloof (CMY)
Croston (CSO)
Crouch Hill (CRH)
Crowborough (COH)
Crowhurst (CWU)
Crowle (CWE)
Crowthorne (CRN)
Croy (CRO)
Crumpsall (Metrolink) (CRJ)
Crystal Palace (CYP)
Cuddington (CUD)
Cuffley (CUF)
Culham (CUM)
Cullompton Bus (XDX)
Culrain (CUA)
Cumbernauld (CUB)
Cupar (CUP)
Curriehill (CUH)
Custom House (DLR) (ZCE)
Custom House (Elizabeth line) (CUS)
Cutty Sark (ZAA)
Cuxton (CUX)
Cwmbach (CMH)
Cwmbran (CWM)
Cynghordy (CYN)
Cyprus (DLR) (ZCQ)
DARTMOUTH (XMT)
Dagenham Dock (DDK)
Daisy Hill (DSY)
Dales Railcard MCM Day Ranger
Dales Railcard Settle & Carlisle Day Ranger
Dalgety Bay (DAG)
Dalmally (DAL)
Dalmarnock (DAK)
Dalmeny (DAM)
Dalmuir (DMR)
Dalreoch (DLR)
Dalry (DLY)
Dalston (Cumbria) (DLS)
Dalston Junction (DLJ)
Dalston Kingsland (DLK)
Dalton (Cumbria) (DLT)
Dalwhinnie (DLW)
Danby (DNY)
Dane Road (Metrolink) (DRD)
Danescourt (DCT)
Danzey (DZY)
Darlington (DAR)
Darnall (DAN)
Darsham (DSM)
Dartford (DFD)
Darton (DRT)
Darwen (DWN)
Datchet (DAT)
Davenport (DVN)
Dawlish (DWL)
Dawlish Warren (DWW)
Deal (DEA)
Dean (Wilts) (DEN)
Deansgate (DGT)
Deganwy (DGY)
Deighton (DHN)
Delamere (DLM)
Denby Dale (DBD)
Denham (DNM)
Denham Golf Club (DGC)
Denmark Hill (DMK)
Dent (DNT)
Denton (DTN)
Deptford (DEP)
Deptford Bridge (ZDB)
Derby (DBY)
Derby Road (Ipswich) (DBR)
Dereham (Coach) (QDM)
Derker (Metrolink) (DKR)
Devizes Bus (XAQ)
Devonport (Devon) (DPT)
Devons Road (ZDR)
Dewsbury (DEW)
Didcot Parkway (DID)
Didsbury Village (Metrolink) (DVM)
Digby & Sowton (DIG)
Dilton Marsh (DMH)
Dinas (Rhondda) (DMG)
Dinas Powys (DNS)
Dingle Road (DGL)
Dingwall (DIN)
Dinsdale (DND)
Dinting (DTG)
Disley (DSL)
Diss (DIS)
Dockyard Devonport (DOC)
Dodworth (DOD)
Dolau (DOL)
Doleham (DLH)
Dolgarrog (DLG)
Dolwyddelan (DWD)
Doncaster (DON)
Dorchester South (DCH)
Dorchester South or Dorchester West (DRC)
Dorchester West (DCW)
Dore & Totley (DOR)
Dorking (DKG)
Dorking (Deepdene) (DPD)
Dorking West (DKT)
Dorking, Dorking West or Dorking Deepdene (DRK)
Dormans (DMS)
Dorridge (DDG)
Dove Holes (DVH)
Dover Priory (DVP)
Dovercourt (DVC)
Dovey Junction (DVY)
Downham Market (DOW)
Drayton Green (DRG)
Drayton Park (DYP)
Drem (DRM)
Driffield (DRF)
Drigg (DRI)
Droitwich Spa (DTW)
Dronfield (DRO)
Droylsden (Metrolink) (DML)
Drumchapel (DMC)
Drumfrochar (DFR)
Drumgelloch (DRU)
Drumry (DMY)
Duddeston (DUD)
Dudley Port (DDP)
Duffield (DFI)
Duirinish (DRN)
Duke Street (DST)
Dullingham (DUL)
Dumbarton Central (DBC)
Dumbarton East (DBE)
Dumbreck (DUM)
Dumfries (DMF)
Dumpton Park (DMP)
Dunbar (DUN)
Dunblane (DBL)
Duncraig (DCG)
Dundee (DEE)
Dunfermline City (DFE)
Dunfermline Queen Margaret (DFL)
Dunkeld & Birnam (DKD)
Dunlop (DNL)
Dunoon (DUO)
Dunrobin Castle (DNO)
Duns (DUU)
Dunston (DOT)
Dunton Green (DNG)
Durham (DHM)
Durrington (DUR)
Dyce (DYC)
Dyffryn Ardudwy (DYF)
ELLAND (ELN)
EXPLORE CAMBRIAN FAM
EXPLORE CDF CAP
Eaglescliffe (EAG)
Ealing Broadway (EAL)
Earlestown (ERL)
Earley (EAR)
Earlsfield (EAD)
Earlston (EAS)
Earlswood (Surrey) (ELD)
Earlswood (West Midlands) (EWD)
East Boldon (EBL)
East Croydon (ECR)
East Croydon or West Croydon (CYD)
East Didsbury (EDY)
East Didsbury (Metrolink) (EDM)
East Dulwich (EDW)
East Farleigh (EFL)
East Garforth (EGF)
East Grinstead (EGR)
East Kilbride (EKL)
East Linton (ELT)
East M Air/Dby (QEA)
East Malling (EML)
East Midlands Parkway (EMD)
East Tilbury (ETL)
East Worthing (EWR)
Eastbourne (EBN)
Eastbrook (EBK)
Easterhouse (EST)
Eastham Rake (ERA)
Eastleigh (ESL)
Eastrington (EGN)
Ebbsfleet International (EBD)
Ebbw Vale Parkway (EBV)
Ebbw Vale Town (EBB)
Eccles (Manchester) (ECC)
Eccles (Metrolink) (ECM)
Eccles Road (ECS)
Eccleston Park (ECL)
Edale (EDL)
Eden Camp Bus
Eden Park (EDN)
Edenbridge (EBR)
Edenbridge Town (EBT)
Edenbridge or Edenbridge Town (EDE)
Edge Hill (EDG)
Edge Lane (Metrolink) (ELM)
Edinburgh (EDB)
Edinburgh Airport Bus/Tram (EDA)
Edinburgh Gateway (EGY)
Edinburgh Park (EDP)
Edmonton Green (EDR)
Effingham Junction (EFF)
Eggesford (EGG)
Egham (EGH)
Egton (EGT)
Elephant & Castle (EPH)
Elgin (ELG)
Ellesmere Port (ELP)
Elmers End (ELE)
Elmstead Woods (ESD)
Elmswell (ESW)
Elsecar (ELR)
Elsenham Essex (ESM)
Elstree & Borehamwood (ELS)
Eltham (ELW)
Elton & Orston (ELO)
Elverson Road (ZAC)
Ely (ELY)
Emerson Park (EMP)
Emsworth (EMS)
Energlyn & Churchill Park (ECP)
Enfield Chase (ENC)
Enfield Chase or Enfield Town (EFI)
Enfield Lock (ENL)
Enfield Town (ENF)
Entwistle (ENT)
Epsom (EPS)
Epsom Downs (EPD)
Erdington (ERD)
Eridge (ERI)
Erith (ERH)
Esher (ESH)
Eskbank (EKB)
Essex Road (EXR)
Etchingham (ETC)
Etihad Camp (Metrolink) (EHC)
Euxton Balshaw Lane (EBA)
Evesham (EVE)
Ewell East (EWE)
Ewell West (EWW)
Exchange Quay (Metrolink) (EXQ)
Exeter Central (EXC)
Exeter St Davids (EXD)
Exeter St Thomas (EXT)
Exhibition Centre (Glasgow) (EXG)
Exmouth (EXM)
Exton (EXN)
Eynsford (EYN)
Failsworth (Metrolink) (FLS)
Fairbourne (FRB)
Fairfield (FRF)
Fairlie (FRL)
Fairlop (Underground) (ZFA)
Fairwater (FRW)
Falconwood (FCN)
Falkirk Grahamston (FKG)
Falkirk Grahamston or Falkirk High (FLK)
Falkirk High (FKK)
Falls of Cruachan (FOC)
Falmer (FMR)
Falmouth Docks (FAL)
Falmouth Town (FMT)
Fareham (FRM)
Farnborough Main (FNB)
Farnborough Main or Farnborough North (FBO)
Farnborough North (FNN)
Farncombe (FNC)
Farnham (FNH)
Farningham Road (FNR)
Farnworth (FNW)
Farringdon (ZFD)
Fauldhouse (FLD)
Faversham (FAV)
Faygate (FGT)
Fazakerley (FAZ)
Fearn (FRN)
Featherstone (FEA)
Felixstowe (FLX)
Fellgate Metro (FEG)
Feltham (FEL)
Feniton (FNT)
Fenny Stratford (FEN)
Fernhill (FER)
Ferriby (FRY)
Ferryside (FYS)
Ffairfach (FFA)
Filey (FIL)
Filton Abbeywood (FIT)
Finchley Road & Frognal (FNY)
Finsbury Park (FPK)
Finstock (FIN)
Fishbourne (Sussex) (FSB)
Fishersgate (FSG)
Fishguard & Goodwick (FGW)
Fishguard Harbour (FGH)
Fiskerton (FSK)
Fitzwilliam (FZW)
Five Ways (FWY)
Fleet (FLE)
Flimby (FLM)
Flint (FLN)
Flitwick (FLT)
Flixton (FLI)
Flowery Field (FLF)
Folkestone Central (FKC)
Folkestone Central or Folkestone West (FOL)
Folkestone West (FKW)
Ford (FOD)
Forest Gate (FOG)
Forest Hill (FOH)
Formby (FBY)
Forres (FOR)
Forsinard (FRS)
Fort Matilda (FTM)
Fort William (FTW)
Four Oaks (FOK)
Foxfield (FOX)
Foxton (FXN)
Frant (FRT)
Fratton (FTN)
Freehold (Metrolink) (FHM)
Freshfield (FRE)
Freshford (FFD)
Frimley (FML)
Frinton-on-Sea (FRI)
Frizinghall (FZH)
Frodsham (FRD)
Frome (FRO)
Fulwell (FLW)
Furness Vale (FNV)
Furze Platt (FZP)
GM Metrolink Z1 (QMA)
GM Metrolink Z1-2 (QMB)
GM Metrolink Z1-3 (QMC)
GM Metrolink Z1-4 (QMD)
Gainsborough Central (GNB)
Gainsborough Central or Gainsborough Lea Road (GAI)
Gainsborough Lea Road (GBL)
Galashiels (GAL)
Galashiels (via Berwick) (XAA)
Gallions Reach (DLR) (ZGC)
Gants Hill (Underground) (ZGA)
Garelochhead (GCH)
Garforth (GRF)
Gargrave (GGV)
Garrowhill (GAR)
Garscadden (GRS)
Garsdale (GSD)
Garston (Herts) (GSN)
Garswood (GSW)
Gartcosh (GRH)
Garth (Bridgend) (GMG)
Garth (Powys) (GTH)
Garve (GVE)
Gathurst (GST)
Gatley (GTY)
Gatwick Airport (GTW)
Georgemas Junction (GGJ)
Gerrards Cross (GER)
Gidea Park (GDP)
Giffnock (GFN)
Giggleswick (GIG)
Gilberdyke (GBD)
Gilfach Fargoed (GFF)
Gillingham (Dorset) (GIL)
Gillingham (Kent) (GLM)
Gilshochill (GSC)
Gipsy Hill (GIP)
Girvan (GIR)
Glaisdale (GLS)
Glan Conwy (GCW)
Glasgow Airport (GGT)
Glasgow Airport Xbus (QGA)
Glasgow Central (GLC)
Glasgow Central or Glasgow Queen Street (GLW)
Glasgow Queen Street (GLQ)
Glasshoughton (GLH)
Glastonbury Bus (XEA)
Glazebrook (GLZ)
Gleneagles (GLE)
Glenfinnan (GLF)
Glengarnock (GLG)
Glenrothes (GLT)
Glossop (GLO)
Gloucester (GCR)
Glynde (GLY)
Gobowen (GOB)
Godalming (GOD)
Godley (GDL)
Godstone (GDN)
Goldthorpe (GOE)
Golf Street (GOF)
Golspie (GOL)
Gomshall (GOM)
Goodmayes (GMY)
Goole (GOO)
Goostrey (GTR)
Gordon Hill (GDH)
Gorebridge (GBG)
Goring & Streatley (GOR)
Goring by Sea (GBS)
Gorton (GTO)
Gospel Oak (GPO)
Gourock (GRK)
Gourock Pier (GXX)
Gowerton (GWN)
Goxhill (GOX)
Grange Over Sands (GOS)
Grange Park (GPK)
Grangetown (Cardiff) (GTN)
Grantham (GRA)
Grateley (GRT)
Gravelly Hill (GVH)
Gravesend (GRV)
Grays (GRY)
Great Ayton (GTA)
Great Bentley (GRB)
Great Chesterford (GRC)
Great Coates (GCT)
Great Malvern (GMV)
Great Missenden (GMN)
Great Yarmouth (GYM)
Green Lane (GNL)
Green Road (GNR)
Greenbank (GBK)
Greenfaulds (GRL)
Greenfield (GNF)
Greenford (GFD)
Greenhithe (GNH)
Greenock Central (GKC)
Greenock West (GKW)
Greenwich (GNW)
Gretna Green (GEA)
Grimsby Docks (GMD)
Grimsby Town (GMB)
Grindleford (GRN)
Grosmont (GMT)
Grove Park (GRP)
Guide Bridge (GUI)
Guildford (GLD)
Guiseley (GSY)
Gunnersbury (GUN)
Gunnislake (GSL)
Gunton (GNT)
Gwersyllt (GWE)
Gypsy Lane (GYP)
HARWICH TOWN (HWC)
Habrough (HAB)
Hackbridge (HCB)
Hackney Central (HKC)
Hackney Downs (HAC)
Hackney Wick (HKW)
Haddenham & Thame Parkway (HDM)
Haddiscoe (HAD)
Hadfield (HDF)
Hadley Wood (HDW)
Hag Fold (HGF)
Haggerston (HGG)
Hagley (HAG)
Hairmyres (HMY)
Hale (HAL)
Halesworth (HAS)
Halewood (HED)
Halifax (HFX)
Hall Green (HLG)
Hall Road (HLR)
Hall-i'-Th'-Wood (HID)
Halling (HAI)
Haltwhistle (HWH)
Ham Street (HMT)
Hamble (HME)
Hamilton Central (HNC)
Hamilton West (HNW)
Hammerton (HMM)
Hampden Park (Sussex) (HMD)
Hampstead Heath (HDH)
Hampton (London) (HMP)
Hampton Court (HMC)
Hampton Wick (HMW)
Hampton-in-Arden (HIA)
Hamstead (Birmingham) (HSD)
Hamworthy (HAM)
Hanborough (HND)
Handforth (HTH)
Hanwell (HAN)
Hapton (HPN)
Harbour City (Metrolink) (HBC)
Harlech (HRL)
Harlesden (HDN)
Harling Road (HRD)
Harlington (Beds) (HLN)
Harlow Mill (HWM)
Harlow Town (HWN)
Harold Wood (HRO)
Harpenden (HPD)
Harrietsham (HRM)
Harringay (HGY)
Harringay Green Lanes (HRY)
Harrington (HRR)
Harrogate (HGT)
Harrow & Wealdstone (HRW)
Harrow-on-the-Hill (HOH)
Hartford (HTF)
Hartlebury (HBY)
Hartlepool (HPL)
Hartwood (HTW)
Harwich International (HPQ)
Haslemere (HSL)
Hassocks (HSK)
Hastings (HGS)
Hatch End (HTE)
Hatfield & Stainforth (HFS)
Hatfield (Herts) (HAT)
Hatfield Peverel (HAP)
Hathersage (HSG)
Hattersley (HTY)
Hatton (HTN)
Havant (HAV)
Havenhouse (HVN)
Haverfordwest (HVF)
Hawarden (HWD)
Hawarden Bridge (HWB)
Hawes (HMK)
Hawick
Hawkhead (HKH)
Haydon Bridge (HDB)
Haydons Road (HYR)
Hayes & Harlington (HAY)
Hayes (Kent) (HYS)
Hayle (HYL)
Haymarket (HYM)
Haywards Heath (HHE)
Hazel Grove (HAZ)
Headbolt Lane (HBL)
Headcorn (HCN)
Headingley (HDY)
Headstone Lane (HDL)
Heald Green (HDG)
Healing (HLI)
Heath High Level (HHL)
Heath Low Level (HLL)
Heathrow (Underground) (ZHJ)
Heathrow Rail (HRA)
Heathrow Terminal 2 Bus (HWA)
Heathrow Terminal 3 Bus (HWE)
Heathrow Terminal 4 (HAF)
Heathrow Terminal 4 Bus (HWF)
Heathrow Terminal 5 (HWV)
Heathrow Terminals 2 & 3 (HXX)
Heaton Chapel (HTC)
Heaton Park (Metrolink) (HPK)
Hebden Bridge (HBD)
Heckington (HEC)
Hedge End (HDE)
Hednesford (HNF)
Heighington (HEI)
Helensburgh Central (HLC)
Helensburgh Central or Helensburgh Upper (HLH)
Helensburgh Upper (HLU)
Hellifield (HLD)
Helmsdale (HMS)
Helsby (HSB)
Helston Bus (XAV)
Hemel Hempstead (HML)
Hendon (HEN)
Hengoed (HNG)
Henley in Arden (HNL)
Henley on Thames (HOT)
Hensall (HEL)
Hereford (HFD)
Herne Bay (HNB)
Herne Hill (HNH)
Heron Quays (DLR) (ZHQ)
Hersham (HER)
Hertford East (HFE)
Hertford East or Hertford North (HRT)
Hertford North (HFN)
Hessle (HES)
Heswall (HSW)
Hever (HEV)
Heworth (HEW)
Heworth (Metro) (HEZ)
Hexham (HEX)
Heyford (HYD)
Heysham Port (HHB)
High Brooms (HIB)
High Street (Glasgow) (HST)
High Wycombe (HWY)
Higham (Kent) (HGM)
Highams Park (HIP)
Highbridge (HIG)
Highbury & Islington (HHY)
Hightown (HTO)
Hildenborough (HLB)
Hillfoot (HLF)
Hillington East (HLE)
Hillington West (HLW)
Hillside (HIL)
Hilsea (HLS)
Hinchley Wood (HYW)
Hinckley (Leics) (HNK)
Hindley (HIN)
Hinton Admiral (HNA)
Hitchin (HIT)
Hither Green (HGR)
Hockley (HOC)
Hollingbourne (HBN)
Hollinwood (Metrolink) (HOD)
Holmes Chapel (HCH)
Holmwood (Surrey) (HLM)
Holt Town (Metrolink) (HTM)
Holton Heath (HOL)
Holyhead (HHD)
Holytown (HLY)
Homerton (HMN)
Honeybourne (HYB)
Honiton (HON)
Honley (HOY)
Honor Oak Park (HPA)
Hook (HOK)
Hooton (HOO)
Hope (Derbyshire) (HOP)
Hope (Flints) (HPE)
Hopton Heath (HPT)
Horden (HRE)
Horley (HOR)
Hornbeam Park (HBP)
Hornsey (HRN)
Horsforth (HRS)
Horsham (HRH)
Horsley (HSY)
Horton in Ribblesdale (HIR)
Horwich Parkway (HWI)
Hoscar (HSC)
Hough Green (HGN)
Hounslow (HOU)
Hove (HOV)
Hoveton & Wroxham (HXM)
How Wood (HWW)
Howden (HOW)
Howwood (Strathclyde) (HOZ)
Hoxton (HOX)
Hoylake (HYK)
Hubberts Bridge (HBB)
Hucknall (HKN)
Huddersfield (HUD)
Hull (HUL)
Humphrey Park (HUP)
Huncoat (HCT)
Hungerford (HGD)
Hunmanby (HUB)
Hunstanton Bus (HUS)
Huntingdon (HUN)
Huntly (HNT)
Hunts Cross (HNX)
Hurst Green (HUR)
Hutton Cranswick (HUT)
Huyton (HUY)
Hyde Central (HYC)
Hyde North (HYT)
Hykeham (HKM)
Hyndland (HYN)
Hythe (Essex) (HYH)
IBM Halt
Ifield (IFI)
Ilford (IFD)
Ilkeston (ILN)
Ilkley (ILK)
Imperial Wharf (IMW)
Ince & Elton (INE)
Ince (Manchester) (INC)
Ingatestone (INT)
Insch (INS)
Interchangeable Clacton/Frinton & Walton (QCW)
Invergordon (IGD)
Invergowrie (ING)
Inverkeithing (INK)
Inverkip (INP)
Inverness (INV)
Inverness Airport (IVA)
Invershin (INH)
Inverurie (INR)
Ipswich (IPS)
Irlam (IRL)
Irvine (IRV)
Island Gardens (DLR) (ZIG)
Isleworth (ISL)
Islip (ISP)
Iver (IVR)
Ivybridge (IVY)
James Cook University Hospital (JCH)
James St (Liverpool) (LVJ)
Jewellery Quarter (JEQ)
Johnston (Pembrokeshire) (JOH)
Johnstone (Strathclyde) (JHN)
Jordanhill (JOR)
Kearsley (Manchester) (KSL)
Kearsney (Kent) (KSN)
Keighley (KEI)
Keith (KEH)
Kelvedon (KEL)
Kelvindale (KVD)
Kemble (KEM)
Kempston Hardwick (KMH)
Kempton Park (KMP)
Kemsing (KMS)
Kemsley (KML)
Kendal (KEN)
Kenilworth (KNW)
Kenley (KLY)
Kennett (KNE)
Kennishead (KNS)
Kensal Green (KNL)
Kensal Rise (KNR)
Kensington Olympia (KPA)
Kent House (KTH)
Kentish Town (KTN)
Kentish Town West (KTW)
Kenton (KNT)
Kents Bank (KBK)
Keswick Bus (KWK)
Keswick Bus Redundant (QKB)
Kettering (KET)
Kew Bridge (KWB)
Kew Gardens (KWG)
Keyham (KEY)
Keynsham (KYN)
Kidbrooke (KDB)
Kidderminster (KID)
Kidsgrove (KDG)
Kidwelly (KWL)
Kilburn High Road (KBN)
Kildale (KLD)
Kildonan (KIL)
Kilgetty (KGT)
Kilmarnock (KMK)
Kilmaurs (KLM)
Kilpatrick (KPT)
Kilwinning (KWN)
Kinbrace (KBC)
Kingham (KGM)
Kinghorn (KGH)
Kings Langley (KGL)
Kings Lynn (KLN)
Kings Lynn Coach (KLB)
Kings Norton (KNN)
Kings Nympton (KGN)
Kings Park (KGP)
Kings Sutton (KGS)
Kingsknowe (KGE)
Kingston (KNG)
Kingsway Business Park (Metrolink) (KBM)
Kingswood (KND)
Kingussie (KIN)
Kintbury (KIT)
Kintore (KTR)
Kirby Cross (KBX)
Kirk Sandall (KKS)
Kirkby (Merseyside) (KIR)
Kirkby Stephen (KSW)
Kirkby in Ashfield (KKB)
Kirkby in Furness (KBF)
Kirkcaldy (KDY)
Kirkconnel (KRK)
Kirkdale (KKD)
Kirkham & Wesham (KKM)
Kirkhill (KKH)
Kirknewton (KKN)
Kirkstall Forge (KLF)
Kirkwood (KWD)
Kirton Lindsey (KTL)
Kiveton Bridge (KIV)
Kiveton Park (KVP)
Knaresborough (KNA)
Knebworth (KBW)
Knighton (KNI)
Knightsbridge (ZKN)
Knockholt (KCK)
Knottingley (KNO)
Knucklas (KNU)
Knutsford (KNF)
Kyle of Lochalsh (KYL)
Ladybank (LDY)
Ladywell (LAD)
Ladywell (Metrolink) (LDW)
Laindon (LAI)
Lairg (LRG)
Lake (LKE)
Lakenheath (LAK)
Lampeter (Bus) (LTR)
Lamphey (LAM)
Lanark (LNK)
Lancaster (LAN)
Lancing (LAC)
Landywood (LAW)
Langbank (LGB)
Langho (LHO)
Langholm
Langley (Berks) (LNY)
Langley Green (LGG)
Langley Mill (LGM)
Langside (LGS)
Langwathby (LGW)
Langwith-Whaley Thorns (LAG)
Langworthy (Metrolink) (LWY)
Lapford (LAP)
Lapworth (LPW)
Larbert (LBT)
Largs (LAR)
Larkhall (LRH)
Laurencekirk (LAU)
Lawrence Hill (LWH)
Layton (Lancs) (LAY)
Lazonby & Kirkoswald (LZB)
Lea Bridge (LEB)
Lea Green (LEG)
Lea Hall (LEH)
Leagrave (LEA)
Lealholm (LHM)
Leamington Spa (LMS)
Leasowe (LSW)
Leatherhead (LHD)
Ledbury (LED)
Lee (London) (LEE)
Leeds (LDS)
Leeds Bradford Airport Flyer (XLB)
Leeds Fest Bus (XLD)
Leicester (LEI)
Leigh (Kent) (LIH)
Leigh-on-Sea (LES)
Leighton Buzzard (LBZ)
Lelant (LEL)
Lelant Saltings (LTS)
Lenham (LEN)
Lenzie (LNZ)
Leominster (LEO)
Letchworth Garden City (LET)
Leuchars (LEU)
Leven (LEV)
Levenshulme (LVM)
Lewes (LWS)
Lewisham (LEW)
Leyland (LEY)
Leyton Midland Road (LEM)
Leytonstone High Road (LER)
Lichfield City (LIC)
Lichfield Trent Valley (LTV)
Lidlington (LID)
Lifton Arundell Arms Hotel (LAA)
Limehouse (ZLH)
Limehouse (LHS)
Lincoln (LCN)
Lingfield (LFD)
Lingwood (LGD)
Linlithgow (LIN)
Liphook (LIP)
Liskeard (LSK)
Liss (LIS)
Lisvane & Thornhill (LVT)
Little Kimble (LTK)
Little Sutton (LTT)
Littleborough (LTL)
Littlehampton (LIT)
Littlehaven (LVN)
Littleport (LTP)
Liverpool Central (LVC)
Liverpool Lime St (LIV)
Liverpool Lime Street, Central, James Street or Moorfields (LVP)
Liverpool South Parkway (LPY)
Livingston North (LSN)
Livingston South (LVG)
Llanaber (LLA)
Llanbedr (LBR)
Llanbister Road (LLT)
Llanbradach (LNB)
Llandaf (LLN)
Llandanwg (LDN)
Llandecwyn (LLC)
Llandeilo (LLL)
Llandovery (LLV)
Llandrindod (LLO)
Llandudno (LLD)
Llandudno Junction (LLJ)
Llandybie (LLI)
Llanelli (LLE)
Llanfairfechan (LLF)
Llanfairpwll (LPG)
Llangadog (LLG)
Llangammarch (LLM)
Llangennech (LLH)
Llangynllo (LGO)
Llanharan (LLR)
Llanhilleth (LTH)
Llanishen (LLS)
Llanrwst (LWR)
Llansamlet (LAS)
Llantwit Major (LWM)
Llanwrda (LNR)
Llanwrtyd (LNW)
Llwyngwril (LLW)
Llwynypia (LLY)
Loch Awe (LHA)
Loch Eil Outward Bound (LHE)
Lochailort (LCL)
Lochboisdale (LCB)
Locheilside (LCS)
Lochgelly (LCG)
Lochluichart (LCC)
Lochwinnoch (LHW)
Lockerbie (LOC)
Lockwood (LCK)
London Blackfriars (BFR)
London Bridge (LBG)
London Cannon Street (CST)
London Charing Cross (CHX)
London Euston (EUS)
London Fenchurch Street (FST)
London Fields (LOF)
London Kings Cross (KGX)
London Liverpool Street (LST)
London Marylebone (MYB)
London Paddington (PAD)
London Road (Brighton) (LRB)
London Road (Guildford) (LRD)
London St Pancras International (STP)
London Terminals (LON)
London Thameslink (THK)
London Travelcard Zone 1
London Travelcard Zone 1-2
London Travelcard Zone 2
London Travelcard Zone 3
London Travelcard Zone 4
London Travelcard Zone 5
London Travelcard Zone 6
London Travelcard Zones 1-3
London Travelcard Zones 1-4
London Travelcard Zones 1-5
London Travelcard Zones 1-6
London Underground Zone 1
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-2
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-3
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-4
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-5
London Underground and DLR Zones 1-6
London Victoria (VIC)
London Waterloo (WAT)
London Waterloo East (WAE)
Long Buckby (LBK)
Long Eaton (LGE)
Long Preston (LPR)
Longbeck (LGK)
Longbridge (LOB)
Longcross (LNG)
Longfield (LGF)
Longniddry (LND)
Longport (LPT)
Longton (LGN)
Looe (LOO)
Lostock (LOT)
Lostock Gralam (LTG)
Lostock Hall (LOH)
Lostwithiel (LOS)
Loughborough (LBO)
Loughborough Junction (LGJ)
Low Moor (LMR)
Lowdham (LOW)
Lower Sydenham (LSY)
Lowestoft (LWT)
Lpool Airprt Bus (LJL)
Ludlow (LUD)
Luton (LUT)
Luton Airport (LUA)
Luton Airport Parkway (LTN)
Luxulyan (LUX)
Lydney (LYD)
Lye (West Midlands) (LYE)
Lyme Regis via First Bus X51/X53 (LPO)
Lymington Pier (LYP)
Lymington Town (LYT)
Lympstone Commando (LYC)
Lympstone Village (LYM)
Lytham (LTM)
METROLINK Z1-4 (QMJ)
METROLINK Z4 (QME)
Macclesfield (MAC)
Machynlleth (MCN)
Maerdy via Porth Interchange (QBL)
Maesteg (MST)
Maesteg (Ewenny Road) (MEW)
Maghull (MAG)
Maghull North (MNS)
Maiden Newton (MDN)
Maidenhead (MAI)
Maidstone Barracks (MDB)
Maidstone East (MDE)
Maidstone East, West or Barracks (MAD)
Maidstone West (MDW)
Malden Manor (MAL)
Mallaig (MLG)
Malton (MLT)
Malvern Link (MVL)
Manchester (Central Zone) (MCZ)
Manchester Airport (MIA)
Manchester Airport (Metrolink) (MNA)
Manchester Oxford Road (MCO)
Manchester Piccadilly (MAN)
Manchester Piccadilly, Victoria, Oxford Road or Deansgate (MCR)
Manchester Victoria (MCV)
Manea (MNE)
Manningtree (MNG)
Manor Park (MNP)
Manor Road (MNR)
Manorbier (MRB)
Manors (MAS)
Mansfield (MFT)
Mansfield Woodhouse (MSW)
March (MCH)
Marden (Kent) (MRN)
Margate (MAR)
Market Harborough (MHR)
Market Rasen (MKR)
Markinch (MNC)
Marks Tey (MKT)
Marlow (MLW)
Marple (MPL)
Marsden (Yorkshire) (MSN)
Marsh Barton (MBT)
Marske (MSK)
Marston Green (MGN)
Martin Mill (MTM)
Martins Heron (MAO)
Martinscroft (Metrolink) (MCF)
Marton (MTO)
Maryhill (MYH)
Maryland (MYL)
Maryport (MRY)
Matlock (MAT)
Matlock Bath (MTB)
Mauldeth Road (MAU)
Maxwell Park (MAX)
Maybole (MAY)
Maze Hill (MZH)
Meadowhall (MHS)
Meldreth (MEL)
Melksham (MKM)
Melrose (MLS)
Melton (Suffolk) (MES)
Melton Mowbray (MMO)
Menheniot (MEN)
Menston (MNN)
Meols (MEO)
Meols Cop (MEC)
Meopham (MEP)
Meridian Water (MRW)
Merryton (MEY)
Merstham (MHM)
Merthyr Tydfil (MER)
Merthyr Vale (MEV)
Metheringham (MGM)
Metro Tyne & Wear All Zones
Metro Tyne & Wear Zone A
Metrocentre (MCE)
Metrolink Z1-2 (QMH)
Metrolink Z1-3 (QMI)
Metrolink Z2-4 (QMG)
Metrolink Z3-4 (QMF)
Mevagissey Bus (XEF)
Mexborough (MEX)
Micheldever (MIC)
Micklefield (MIK)
Middlesbrough (MBR)
Middlewood (MDL)
Midgham (MDG)
Midsomer Norton Bus (XBR)
Milford (Surrey) (MLF)
Milford Haven (MFH)
Mill Hill (Lancs) (MLH)
Mill Hill Broadway (MIL)
Millbrook (Beds) (MLB)
Millbrook (Hants) (MBK)
Milliken Park (MIN)
Millom (MLM)
Mills Hill (Manchester) (MIH)
Milngavie (MLN)
Milnrow (Metrolink) (MLR)
Milton Keynes Central (MKC)
Minehead Butlins Bus (XBV)
Minffordd (MFF)
Minster (MSR)
Mira Technology Park (MTE)
Mirfield (MIR)
Mistley (MIS)
Mitcham Eastfields (MTC)
Mitcham Junction (MIJ)
Mobberley (MOB)
Monifieth (MON)
Monks Risborough (MRS)
Monsall (Metrolink) (MSM)
Montpelier (MTP)
Montrose (MTS)
Moor Road (Metrolink) (MDM)
Moorfields (MRF)
Moorgate (MOG)
Moorsbus Rover
Moorside (MSD)
Moorthorpe (MRP)
Morar (MRR)
Morchard Road (MRD)
Morden South (MDS)
Morecambe (MCM)
Moreton (Dorset) (MTN)
Moreton (Merseyside) (MRT)
Moreton in Marsh (MIM)
Morfa Mawddach (MFA)
Morley (MLY)
Morpeth (MPT)
Mortimer (MOR)
Mortlake (MTL)
Moses Gate (MSS)
Moss Side (MOS)
Mossley (Manchester) (MSL)
Mossley Hill (MSH)
Mosspark (MPK)
Moston (MSO)
Motherwell (MTH)
Motspur Park (MOT)
Mottingham (MTG)
Mottisfont & Dunbridge (DBG)
Mouldsworth (MLD)
Moulsecoomb (MCB)
Mount Florida (MFL)
Mount Vernon (MTV)
Mountain Ash (MTA)
Mudchute (DLR) (ZMU)
Muir of Ord (MOO)
Muirend (MUI)
Musselburgh (MUB)
Mytholmroyd (MYT)
Nafferton (NFN)
Nailsea & Backwell (NLS)
Nairn (NRN)
Nantwich (NAN)
Narberth (NAR)
Narborough (NBR)
Navigation Road (NVR)
Navigation Road (Metrolink)
Neath (NTH)
Needham Market (NMT)
Neilston (NEI)
Nelson (NEL)
Neston (NES)
Netherfield (NET)
Nethertown (NRT)
Netley (NTL)
New Barnet (NBA)
New Beckenham (NBC)
New Brighton (NBN)
New Clee (NCE)
New Cross (NWX)
New Cross Gate (NXG)
New Cumnock (NCK)
New Eltham (NEH)
New Holland (NHL)
New Hythe (NHE)
New Islington (Metrolink) (NIM)
New Lane (NLN)
New Malden (NEM)
New Mills Central (NMC)
New Mills Newtown (NMN)
New Milton (NWM)
New Pudsey (NPD)
New Southgate (NSG)
Newark Castle (NCT)
Newark Castle or Newark Northgate (NWK)
Newark Northgate (NNG)
Newbold (Metrolink) (NBM)
Newbridge (NBE)
Newbury (NBY)
Newbury Racecourse (NRC)
Newcastle (NCL)
Newcastle (Metro) (NCZ)
Newcastle Airport (APN)
Newcourt (NCO)
Newcraighall (NEW)
Newhaven Harbour (NVH)
Newhaven Town (NVN)
Newhey (Metrolink) (NHY)
Newington (NGT)
Newmarket (NMK)
Newport (Essex) (NWE)
Newport (South Wales) (NWP)
Newquay (NQY)
Newstead (NSD)
Newton (Lanarkshire) (NTN)
Newton Abbot (NTA)
Newton Aycliffe (NAY)
Newton Le Willows (NLW)
Newton St Cyres (NTC)
Newton for Hyde (NWN)
Newton-on-Ayr (NOA)
Newtongrange (NEG)
Newtonmore (NWR)
Newtown (Powys) (NWT)
Ninian Park (NNP)
Nitshill (NIT)
Norbiton (NBT)
Norbury (NRB)
Normans Bay (NSB)
Normanton (NOR)
North Berwick (NBW)
North Camp (NCM)
North Dulwich (NDL)
North Fambridge (NFA)
North Greenwich (Underground) (NGR)
North Llanrwst (NLR)
North Queensferry (NQU)
North Road (NRD)
North Sheen (NSH)
North Walsham (NWA)
North Wembley (NWB)
Northallerton (NTR)
Northampton (NMP)
Northern Moor (Metrolink) (NMR)
Northfield (NFD)
Northfleet (NFL)
Northolt Park (NLT)
Northumberland Park (London) (NUM)
Northwich (NWI)
Norwich (NRW)
Norwood Junction (NWD)
Nottingham (NOT)
Nuneaton (NUN)
Nunhead (NHD)
Nunthorpe (NNT)
Nutbourne (NUT)
Nutfield (NUF)
Nutfield Memorial Hall (XET)
Oakengates (OKN)
Oakham (OKM)
Oakleigh Park (OKL)
Oban (OBN)
Ockendon (OCK)
Ockley (OLY)
Okehampton (OKE)
Okehampton Bus (XCG)
Old Hill (OHL)
Old Roan (ORN)
Old Street (OLD)
Old Trafford (Metrolink) (OTR)
Oldfield Park (OLF)
Oldham Central (Metrolink) (OCM)
Oldham King Street (Metrolink) (OKS)
Oldham Mumps (Metrolink) (OLM)
Olton (OLT)
Ore (ORE)
Ormskirk (OMS)
Orpington (ORP)
Orrell (ORR)
Orrell Park (OPK)
Oswestry Bus Station (OSW)
Otford (OTF)
Oulton Broad North (OUN)
Oulton Broad South (OUS)
Oundle Bus (OUD)
Outwood (OUT)
Overpool (OVE)
Overton (OVR)
Oxenholme Lake District (OXN)
Oxford (OXF)
Oxford Parkway (OXP)
Oxford Westgate (XVE)
Oxshott (OXS)
Oxted (OXT)
Paddock Wood (PDW)
Padgate (PDG)
Padstow Bus (PDT)
Paignton (PGN)
Paisley Canal (PCN)
Paisley Gilmour Street (PYG)
Paisley St James (PYJ)
Palmers Green (PAL)
Pangbourne (PAN)
Pannal (PNL)
Pantyffynnon (PTF)
Par (PAR)
Parbold (PBL)
Park Street (PKT)
Parkstone (Dorset) (PKS)
Parson Street (PSN)
Partick (PTK)
Parton (PRN)
Patchway (PWY)
Patricroft (PAT)
Patterton (PTT)
Peartree (PEA)
Peckham Rye (PMR)
Peel Hall (Metrolink) (PHM)
Pegswood (PEG)
Pemberton (PEM)
Pembrey & Burry Port (PBY)
Pembroke (PMB)
Pembroke Dock (PMD)
Pen Y Bont (Mid Wales) (PNY)
Penally (PNA)
Penarth (PEN)
Pencoed (PCD)
Pengam (PGM)
Penge East (PNE)
Penge East or Penge West (PNG)
Penge West (PNW)
Penhelig (PHG)
Penistone (PNS)
Penkridge (PKG)
Penmaenmawr (PMW)
Penmere (PNM)
Penrhiwceiber (PER)
Penrhyndeudraeth (PRH)
Penrith (PNR)
Penryn (Cornwall) (PYN)
Pensarn (PES)
Penshurst (PHR)
Pentre Bach (PTB)
Penychain (PNC)
Penyffordd (PNF)
Penzance (PNZ)
Penzance Quay (PNQ)
Perranwell (PRW)
Perry Barr (PRY)
Pershore (PSH)
Perth (PTH)
Peterborough (PBO)
Petersfield (PTR)
Petts Wood (PET)
Pevensey & Westham (PEV)
Pevensey Bay (PEB)
Pewsey (PEW)
Pickering Bus (PIZ)
Pilning (PIL)
Pinhoe (PIN)
Pitlochry (PIT)
Pitsea (PSE)
Pleasington (PLS)
Plockton (PLK)
Pluckley (PLC)
Plumley (PLM)
Plumpton (PMP)
Plumstead (PLU)
Plymouth (PLY)
Plymouth Salt Rd (XDJ)
Pokesdown (POK)
Polegate (PLG)
Polesworth (PSW)
Pollokshaws East (PWE)
Pollokshaws West (PWW)
Pollokshields East (PLE)
Pollokshields West (PLW)
Polmont (PMT)
Polsloe Bridge (POL)
Pomona (Metrolink) (PMO)
Ponders End (PON)
Pont-y-Pant (PYP)
Pontarddulais (PTD)
Pontefract Baghill (PFR)
Pontefract Monkhill (PFM)
Pontefract Monkhill or Pontefract Tanshelf (POF)
Pontefract Tanshelf (POT)
Pontlottyn (PLT)
Pontyclun (PYC)
Pontypool & New Inn (PPL)
Pontypridd (PPD)
Poole (POO)
Poplar (DLR) (ZPL)
Poppleton (POP)
Port Glasgow (PTG)
Port Sunlight (PSL)
Port Talbot Parkway (PTA)
Portchester (PTC)
Porth (POR)
Porthmadog (PTM)
Portlethen (PLN)
Portslade (PLD)
Portsmouth & Southsea (PMS)
Portsmouth & Southsea or Portsmouth Harbour (POS)
Portsmouth Arms (PMA)
Portsmouth Harbour (PMH)
Portway Park & Ride (PRI)
Possilpark (PPK)
Potters Bar (PBR)
Poulton Le Fylde (PFY)
Poynton (PYT)
Prees (PRS)
Prescot (PSC)
Prestatyn (PRT)
Prestbury (PRB)
Preston (Lancs) (PRE)
Preston Park (PRP)
Prestonpans (PST)
Prestwich (Metrolink) (PWC)
Prestwick (Strathclyde) (PTW)
Prestwick International (PRA)
Priesthill & Darnley (PTL)
Prince Regent (ZPD)
Princes Risborough (PRR)
Prittlewell (PRL)
Prudhoe (PRU)
Pudding Mill Lane (ZPM)
Pulborough (PUL)
Purfleet (PFL)
Purley (PUR)
Purley Oaks (PUO)
Putney (PUT)
Pwllheli (PWL)
Pye Corner (PYE)
Pyle (PYL)
Quakers Yard (QYD)
Queenborough (QBR)
Queens Park (Glasgow) (QPK)
Queens Park (London) (QPW)
Queens Road Peckham (QRP)
Queenstown Road (Battersea) (QRB)
Quintrell Downs (QUI)
Radcliffe (Metrolink) (RCF)
Radcliffe-on-Trent (RDF)
Radlett (RDT)
Radley (RAD)
Radyr (RDR)
Rainford (RNF)
Rainham (Essex) (RNM)
Rainham (Kent) (RAI)
Rainhill (RNH)
Ramsgate (RAM)
Ramsgreave & Wilpshire (RGW)
Rannoch (RAN)
Rauceby (RAU)
Ravenglass for Eskdale (RAV)
Ravensbourne (RVB)
Ravensthorpe (RVN)
Rawcliffe (RWC)
Rayleigh (RLG)
Raynes Park (RAY)
Reading (RDG)
Reading Green Park (RGP)
Reading West (RDW)
Reading or Reading West (REA)
Rectory Road (REC)
Redbridge (Hants) (RDB)
Redcar Central (RCC)
Redcar East (RCE)
Reddish North (RDN)
Reddish South (RDS)
Redditch (RDC)
Redhill (RDH)
Redland (RDA)
Redruth (RED)
Reedham (London) (RHM)
Reedham (Norfolk) (REE)
Reigate (REI)
Renton (RTN)
Reston (RSN)
Retford (RET)
Rhiwbina (RHI)
Rhoose Cardiff International Airport (RIA)
Rhosneigr (RHO)
Rhyl (RHL)
Rhymney (RHY)
Ribblehead (RHD)
Rice Lane (RIL)
Richmond (London) (RMD)
Richmond Yks Bus (RMK)
Rickmansworth (RIC)
Riddlesdown (RDD)
Ridgmont (RID)
Riding Mill (RDM)
Risca & Pontymister (RCA)
Rishton (RIS)
Robertsbridge (RBR)
Robinswood Road (Metrolink) (RRM)
Robroyston (RRN)
Roby (ROB)
Rochdale (RCD)
Rochdale Station (Metrolink) (XRM)
Rochdale Town Centre (Metrolink) (RTC)
Roche (ROC)
Rochester (RTR)
Rochford (RFD)
Rock Ferry (RFY)
Roding Valley (Underground) (ZRV)
Rogart (ROG)
Rogerstone (ROR)
Rolleston (ROL)
Roman Bridge (RMB)
Romford (RMF)
Romiley (RML)
Romsey (ROM)
Roose (ROO)
Rose Grove (RSG)
Rose Hill (RSH)
Rosyth (ROS)
Rotherham Central (RMC)
Rotherhithe (ROE)
Rothesay (RTY)
Roughton Road (RNR)
Roundthorn (Metrolink) (RTH)
Rowlands Castle (RLN)
Rowley Regis (ROW)
Roy Bridge (RYB)
Royal Albert (DLR) (ZRC)
Roydon Essex (RYN)
Royston (Herts) (RYS)
Ruabon (RUA)
Rufford (RUF)
Rugby (RUG)
Rugeley (Trent Valley) (RGL)
Rugeley Town (RGT)
Runcorn (RUN)
Runcorn East (RUE)
Ruskington (RKT)
Ruswarp (RUS)
Rutherglen (RUT)
Ryde Esplanade (RYD)
Ryde Hoverport (XRD)
Ryde Pier Head (RYP)
Ryde St Johns Road (RYR)
Ryder Brow (RRB)
Rye (Sussex) (RYE)
Rye House (RYH)
Sale (Metrolink) (SLE)
Sale Water Park (Metrolink) (SPM)
Salford Central (SFD)
Salford Crescent (SLD)
Salford Quays (Metrolink) (SAQ)
Salfords (Surrey) (SAF)
Salhouse (SAH)
Salisbury (SAL)
Saltaire (SAE)
Saltash (STS)
Saltburn (SLB)
Saltcoats (SLT)
Saltmarshe (SAM)
Salwick (SLW)
Sandal & Agbrigg (SNA)
Sandbach (SDB)
Sanderstead (SNR)
Sandhills (SDL)
Sandhurst (Berks) (SND)
Sandling (SDG)
Sandown (SAN)
Sandplace (SDP)
Sandwell & Dudley (SAD)
Sandwich (SDW)
Sandy (SDY)
Sankey (SNK)
Sanquhar (SQH)
Sarn (SRR)
Saundersfoot (SDF)
Saunderton (SDR)
Sawbridgeworth (SAW)
Saxilby (SXY)
Saxmundham (SAX)
Scarborough (SCA)
Scotscalder (SCT)
Scotstounhill (SCH)
Scunthorpe (SCU)
Sea Mills (SML)
Seaburn (SEB)
Seaford Sussex (SEF)
Seaforth & Litherland (SFL)
Seaham (SEA)
Seamer (SEM)
Seascale (SSC)
Seaton Carew (SEC)
Seaton Delaval (SEJ)
Seer Green & Jordans (SRG)
Selby (SBY)
Selhurst (SRS)
Selkirk
Sellafield (SEL)
Selling (SEG)
Selly Oak (SLY)
Settle (SET)
Seven Kings (SVK)
Seven Sisters (SVS)
Sevenoaks (SEV)
Severn Beach (SVB)
Severn Tunnel Junction (STJ)
Shadowmoss (Metrolink) (SMM)
Shadwell (SDE)
Shalford (Surrey) (SFR)
Shanklin (SHN)
Shaw & Crompton (Metrolink) (SHA)
Shawfair (SFI)
Shawford (SHW)
Shawlands (SHL)
Sheerness on Sea (SSS)
Sheffield (SHF)
Shelford (Cambs) (SED)
Shenfield (SNF)
Shenstone (SEN)
Shepherds Bush (SPB)
Shepherds Well (SPH)
Shepley (SPY)
Shepperton (SHP)
Shepreth (STH)
Sherborne (SHE)
Sherburn in Elmet (SIE)
Sheringham (SHM)
Shettleston (SLS)
Shieldmuir (SDM)
Shifnal (SFN)
Shildon (SHD)
Shiplake (SHI)
Shipley (Yorkshire) (SHY)
Shippea Hill (SPP)
Shipton (SIP)
Shirebrook (SHB)
Shirehampton (SHH)
Shireoaks (SRO)
Shirley (West Midlands) (SRL)
Shoeburyness (SRY)
Sholing (SHO)
Shoreditch High Street (SDC)
Shoreham (Kent) (SEH)
Shoreham by Sea (SSE)
Shortlands (SRT)
Shotton (SHT)
Shotts (SHS)
Shrewsbury (SHR)
Sidcup (SID)
Sidmouth Bus (SDT)
Sileby (SIL)
Silecroft (SIC)
Silkstone Common (SLK)
Silver Street (SLV)
Silverdale (SVR)
Singer (SIN)
Sittingbourne (SIT)
Skegness (SKG)
Skewen (SKE)
Skipton (SKI)
Skye (Armadale) (ARA)
Slade Green (SGR)
Slaithwaite (SWT)
Slateford (SLA)
Sleaford (SLR)
Sleights (SLH)
Slough (SLO)
Small Heath (SMA)
Smallbrook Junction (SAB)
Smethwick Galton Bridge (SGB)
Smethwick Rolfe Street (SMR)
Smithy Bridge (SMB)
Snaith (SNI)
Snodland (SDA)
Snowdown (SWO)
Soham (SOJ)
Sole Street (SOR)
Solihull (SOL)
Somerleyton (SYT)
South Acton (SAT)
South Bank (SBK)
South Bermondsey (SBM)
South Croydon (SCY)
South Elmsall (SES)
South Greenford (SGN)
South Gyle (SGL)
South Hampstead (SOH)
South Kenton (SOK)
South Merton (SMO)
South Milford (SOM)
South Quay (DLR) (ZSQ)
South Ruislip (SRU)
South Tottenham (STO)
South Wigston (SWS)
South Woodham Ferrers (SOF)
Southall (STL)
Southampton Airport Parkway (SOA)
Southampton Central (SOU)
Southbourne (SOB)
Southbury (SBU)
Southease (SEE)
Southend Airport (SIA)
Southend Central (SOC)
Southend Central or Southend Victoria (SSN)
Southend East (SOE)
Southend Victoria (SOV)
Southminster (SMN)
Southport (SOP)
Southwick (SWK)
Sowerby Bridge (SOW)
Spalding (SPA)
Spean Bridge (SBR)
Spital (SPI)
Spondon (SPO)
Spooner Row (SPN)
Spring Road (SRI)
Springburn (SPR)
Springfield (SPF)
Squires Gate (SQU)
St Agnes Bus (XPX)
St Albans Abbey (SAA)
St Albans City (SAC)
St Andrews Road (SAR)
St Annes-on-the-Sea (SAS)
St Austell (SAU)
St Bees (SBS)
St Budeaux Ferry Road (SBF)
St Budeaux Victoria Road (SBV)
St Columb Road (SCR)
St Denys (SDN)
St Erth (SER)
St Germans (SGM)
St Helens Central (SNH)
St Helens Junction (SHJ)
St Helier (SIH)
St Ives (Cornwall) (SIV)
St James Park (Exeter) (SJP)
St James Street (Walthamstow) (SJS)
St Johns (SAJ)
St Keyne (SKN)
St Leonards Warrior Square (SLQ)
St Margarets (Herts) (SMT)
St Margarets (London) (SMG)
St Mary Cray (SMY)
St Michaels (STM)
St Neots (SNO)
St Peters (STZ)
Stadium of Light (STI)
Stafford (STA)
Staines (SNS)
Stallingborough (SLL)
Stalybridge (SYB)
Stamford (Lincs) (SMD)
Stamford Hill (SMH)
Stanford-le-Hope (SFO)
Stanlow & Thornton (SNT)
Stansted Airport (SSD)
Stansted Mountfitchet (SST)
Staplehurst (SPU)
Stapleton Road (SRD)
Starbeck (SBE)
Starcross (SCS)
Staveley (SVL)
Stechford (SCF)
Steeton & Silsden (SON)
Stepps (SPS)
Stevenage (SVG)
Stevenston (STV)
Stewartby (SWR)
Stewarton (STT)
Stirling (STG)
Stockport (SPT)
Stocksfield (SKS)
Stocksmoor (SSM)
Stockton (STK)
Stoke Mandeville (SKM)
Stoke Newington (SKW)
Stoke-on-Trent (SOT)
Stone (Staffs) (SNE)
Stone Crossing (SCG)
Stone Grnvle Sq (SGQ)
Stonebridge Park (SBP)
Stonegate (SOG)
Stonehaven (STN)
Stonehouse (SHU)
Stoneleigh (SNL)
Stourbridge Junction (SBJ)
Stourbridge Town (SBT)
Stow (SOI)
Stowmarket (SMK)
Stranraer (STR)
Stratford (London) (SRA)
Stratford International (SFA)
Stratford upon Avon (SAV)
Stratford-upon-Avon Parkway (STY)
Strathcarron (STC)
Strawberry Hill (STW)
Streatham (STE)
Streatham Common (SRC)
Streatham Hill (SRH)
Street Bus (XCU)
Streethouse (SHC)
Stretford (Metrolink) (SRF)
Strines (SRN)
Stromeferry (STF)
Strood (Kent) (SOO)
Stroud (Glos) (STD)
Sturry (STU)
Styal (SYA)
Sudbury & Harrow Road (SUD)
Sudbury (Suffolk) (SUY)
Sudbury Hill Harrow (SDH)
Sugar Loaf Halt (SUG)
Summerston (SUM)
Sunbury (SUU)
Sunderland (SUN)
Sundridge Park (SUP)
Sunningdale (SNG)
Sunnymeads (SNY)
Surbiton (SUR)
Surrey Quays (SQE)
Sutton (London) (SUO)
Sutton Coldfield (SUT)
Sutton Common (SUC)
Sutton Parkway (SPK)
Swaffham (Coach) (SWB)
Swale (SWL)
Swanley (SAY)
Swanscombe (SWM)
Swansea (SWA)
Swanwick (SNW)
Sway (SWY)
Swaythling (SWG)
Swinderby (SWD)
Swindon (Wilts) (SWI)
Swineshead (SWE)
Swinton (Manchester) (SNN)
Swinton (South Yorks) (SWN)
Sydenham (London) (SYD)
Sydenham Hill (SYH)
Syon Lane (SYL)
Syston (SYS)
TRANSPENNINE DESTINATION (QTD)
TRANSPENNINE ORIGIN (QTO)
Tackley (TAC)
Tadworth (TAD)
Taffs Well (TAF)
Tain (TAI)
Tal-y-Cafn (TLC)
Talsarnau (TAL)
Talybont (TLB)
Tame Bridge Parkway (TAB)
Tamworth (TAM)
Taplow (TAP)
Tattenham Corner (TAT)
Taunton (TAU)
Taynuilt (TAY)
Teddington (TED)
Teignmouth (TGM)
Telford (TFC)
Temple (ZTM)
Templecombe (TMC)
Tenby (TEN)
Teynham (TEY)
Thames Ditton (THD)
Thanet Parkway (THP)
Thatcham (THA)
Thatto Heath (THH)
The Hawthorns (THW)
The Lakes (TLK)
Theale (THE)
Theobalds Grove (TEO)
Thetford (TTF)
Thirsk (THI)
Thornaby (TBY)
Thorne North (TNN)
Thorne North or Thorne South (THR)
Thorne South (TNS)
Thornford (THO)
Thornliebank (THB)
Thornton Abbey (TNA)
Thornton Heath (TTH)
Thorntonhall (THT)
Thorpe Bay (TPB)
Thorpe Culvert (TPC)
Thorpe-le-Soken (TLS)
Three Bridges (TBD)
Three Oaks (TOK)
Thurgarton (THU)
Thurnscoe (THC)
Thurso (THS)
Thurston (TRS)
Tilbury Riverside (TBR)
Tilbury Town (TIL)
Tilbury Town or Tilbury Riverside (TIB)
Tile Hill (THL)
Tilehurst (TLH)
Timperley (TIM)
Timperley (Metrolink)
Tipton (TIP)
Tir Phil (TIR)
Tisbury (TIS)
Tiverton Parkway (TVP)
Todmorden (TOD)
Tolworth (TOL)
Ton Pentre (TPN)
Tonbridge (TON)
Tondu (TDU)
Tonfanau (TNF)
Tonypandy (TNP)
Tooting (TOO)
Topsham (TOP)
Torquay (TQY)
Torre (TRR)
Totnes (TOT)
Totnes Station Road (XDP)
Tottenham Hale (TOM)
Totteridge (Underground) (ZTW)
Totton (TTN)
Town Green (TWN)
Trafford Bar (Metrolink) (TBM)
Trafford Park (TRA)
Trefforest (TRF)
Trefforest Estate (TRE)
Trehafod (TRH)
Treherbert (TRB)
Treorchy (TRY)
Trimley (TRM)
Tring (TRI)
Troed Y Rhiw (TRD)
Troon (TRN)
Trowbridge (TRO)
Truro (TRU)
Tulloch (TUL)
Tulse Hill (TUH)
Tunbridge Wells (TBW)
Turkey Street (TUR)
Tutbury & Hatton (TUT)
Tweedbank (TWB)
Twickenham (TWI)
Twyford (TWY)
Ty Croes (TYC)
Ty Glas (TGS)
Tygwyn (TYG)
Tyndrum Lower (TYL)
Tyndrum Lower or Tyndrum Upper (TYM)
Tyseley (TYS)
Tywyn (TYW)
Uckfield (UCK)
Uddingston (UDD)
Ulceby (ULC)
Ulleskelf (ULL)
Ulverston (ULV)
Umberleigh (UMB)
University (Birmingham) (UNI)
Uphall (UHA)
Upholland (UPL)
Upminster (UPM)
Upminster (Underground) (ZUM)
Upper Halliford (UPH)
Upper Holloway (UHL)
Upper Tyndrum (UTY)
Upper Warlingham (UWL)
Upton (Merseyside) (UPT)
Upwey (UPW)
Urmston (URM)
Uttoxeter (UTT)
Valley (VAL)
Vauxhall (VXH)
Velopark (Metrolink) (VPM)
Virginia Water (VIR)
Waddon (WDO)
Wadebridge Bus (WBE)
Wadhurst (WAD)
Wainfleet (WFL)
Wakefield Kirkgate (WKK)
Wakefield Westgate (WKF)
Wakefield Westgate or Wakefield Kirkgate (WAK)
Walkden (WKD)
Wallasey Grove Road (WLG)
Wallasey Village (WLV)
Wallingford-Reading Bus
Wallington (WLT)
Wallyford (WAF)
Walmer (WAM)
Walsall (WSL)
Walsden (WDN)
Waltham Cross (WLC)
Walthamstow Central (WHC)
Walthamstow Queens Road (WMW)
Walton (Merseyside) (WAO)
Walton on Thames (WAL)
Walton-on-the-Naze (WON)
Wanborough (WAN)
Wandsworth Common (WSW)
Wandsworth Road (WWR)
Wandsworth Town (WNT)
Wanstead Park (WNP)
Wantage Bus (XDC)
Wapping (WPE)
Warblington (WBL)
Ware (Herts) (WAR)
Wareham (Dorset) (WRM)
Wargrave (WGV)
Warminster (WMN)
Warnham (WNH)
Warrington Bank Quay (WBQ)
Warrington Central (WAC)
Warrington Central or Warrington Bank Quay (WRG)
Warrington West (WAW)
Warwick (WRW)
Warwick Parkway (WRP)
Water Orton (WTO)
Waterbeach (WBC)
Wateringbury (WTR)
Waterloo (Merseyside) (WLO)
Watford High Street (WFH)
Watford Junction (WFJ)
Watford North (WFN)
Watlington (WTG)
Watton-at-Stone (WAS)
Waun-Gron Park (WNG)
Wavertree Technology Park (WAV)
Weaste (Metrolink) (WMT)
Wedgwood (WED)
Wedgwood Lane (WER)
Weeley (WEE)
Weeton (WET)
Welham Green (WMG)
Welling (WLI)
Wellingborough (WEL)
Wellington (Shropshire) (WLN)
Wells Bus (XDH)
Welshpool (WLP)
Welwyn Garden City (WGC)
Welwyn North (WLW)
Wem (WEM)
Wembley Central (WMB)
Wembley Stadium (WCX)
Wemyss Bay (WMS)
Wendover (WND)
Wennington (WNN)
West Allerton (WSA)
West Brompton (WBP)
West Byfleet (WBY)
West Calder (WCL)
West Croydon (WCY)
West Didsbury (Metrolink) (WDI)
West Drayton (WDT)
West Dulwich (WDU)
West Ealing (WEA)
West Ham (WEH)
West Hampstead (WHD)
West Hampstead Thameslink (WHP)
West Hampstead or West Hampstead Thameslink (WSD)
West Horndon (WHR)
West India Quay (DLR) (ZIQ)
West Kilbride (WKB)
West Kirby (WKI)
West Malling (WMA)
West Norwood (WNW)
West Ruislip (WRU)
West Runton (WRN)
West St Leonards (WLD)
West Sutton (WSU)
West Wickham (WWI)
West Worthing (WWO)
Westbury (WSB)
Westcliff (WCF)
Westcombe Park (WCB)
Westenhanger (WHA)
Westerfield (WFI)
Westerhailes (WTA)
Westerton (WES)
Westferry (DLR) (ZFW)
Westgate on Sea (WGA)
Westhoughton (WHG)
Weston Milton (WNM)
Weston Super Mare (WSM)
Westwood (Metrolink) (WWM)
Wetheral (WRL)
Weybridge (WYB)
Weymouth (WEY)
Whaley Bridge (WBR)
Whalley (Lancs) (WHE)
Whatstandwell (WTS)
Whifflet (WFF)
Whimple (WHM)
Whinhill (WNL)
Whiston (WHN)
Whitby (WTB)
Whitby Bus (WTZ)
Whitchurch (Cardiff) (WHT)
Whitchurch (Hants) (WCH)
Whitchurch (Shropshire) (WTC)
White Hart Lane (WHL)
White Notley (WNY)
Whitecraigs (WCR)
Whitefield (Metrolink) (WTF)
Whitehaven (WTH)
Whitland (WTL)
Whitley Bridge (WBD)
Whitlocks End (WTE)
Whitstable (WHI)
Whittlesea (WLE)
Whittlesford Parkway (WLF)
Whitton (London) (WTN)
Whitwell (WWL)
Whyteleafe (WHY)
Whyteleafe South (WHS)
Wick (WCK)
Wickford (WIC)
Wickham Market (WCM)
Widdrington (WDD)
Widnes (WID)
Widney Manor (WMR)
Wigan North Western (WGN)
Wigan North Western or Wigan Wallgate (WIG)
Wigan Wallgate (WGW)
Wigton (WGT)
Wildmill (WMI)
Willesden Junction (WIJ)
Williamwood (WLM)
Willington (WIL)
Wilmcote (WMC)
Wilmslow (WML)
Wilnecote (Staffs) (WNE)
Wimbledon (WIM)
Wimbledon Chase (WBO)
Winchelsea (WSE)
Winchester (WIN)
Winchfield (WNF)
Winchmore Hill (WIH)
Windermere (WDM)
Windsor & Eton Central (WNC)
Windsor & Eton Riverside (WNR)
Winnersh (WNS)
Winnersh Triangle (WTI)
Winsford (WSF)
Wisbech (Coach) (WIS)
Wishaw (WSH)
Witham (WTM)
Withington (Metrolink) (WMM)
Witley (WTY)
Witton (West Midlands) (WTT)
Wivelsfield (WVF)
Wivenhoe (WIV)
Woburn Sands (WOB)
Woking (WOK)
Wokingham (WKM)
Woldingham (WOH)
Wolverhampton (WVH)
Wolverton (WOL)
Wombwell (WOM)
Wood End (WDE)
Wood Street (WST)
Woodbridge (WDB)
Woodgrange Park (WGR)
Woodhall (WDL)
Woodhouse (WDH)
Woodlands Road (Metrolink) (WDR)
Woodlesford (WDS)
Woodley (WLY)
Woodmansterne (WME)
Woodsmoor (WSR)
Wool (WOO)
Woolston (WLS)
Woolwich Arsenal (WWA)
Woolwich Dockyard (WWD)
Wootton Wawen (WWW)
Worcester Foregate Street (WOF)
Worcester Park (WCP)
Worcester Shrub Hill (WOS)
Worcester Shrub Hill or Worcester Foregate Street (WRC)
Worcestershire Parkway (WOP)
Workington (WKG)
Worksop (WRK)
Worle (WOR)
Worplesdon (WPL)
Worstead (WRT)
Worthing (WRH)
Wrabness (WRB)
Wraysbury (WRY)
Wrenbury (WRE)
Wressle (WRS)
Wrexham Central (WXC)
Wrexham General (WRX)
Wye (WYE)
Wylam (WYM)
Wylde Green (WYL)
Wymondham (WMD)
Wythall (WYT)
Wythenshawe Park (Metrolink) (WPM)
Wythenshawe Town Centre (Metrolink) (WHK)
Yalding (YAL)
Yardley Wood (YRD)
Yarm (YRM)
Yarmouth (Isle of Wight) (YMH)
Yate (YAE)
Yatton (YAT)
Yeoford (YEO)
Yeovil Junction (YVJ)
Yeovil Pen Mill (YVP)
Yetminster (YET)
Ynyswen (YNW)
Yoker (YOK)
York (YRK)
Yorton (YRT)
Ystrad (Rhondda) (YSR)
Ystrad Mynach (YSM)
Going to...
Outbound journey arrival station
Buy tickets
I want to...
See ticket offers
Get inspired
Check live train times
Get in touch
Book travel assistance
Buy tickets for attractions
Sign up now
Stay in the loop
Subscribe to our emails to get access to special offers, exclusive competitions, and the best travel tips directly to your inbox.
Sign up now
TransPennine Express Privacy Policy
Artboard 5
Artboard 41
Artboard 7
Artboard 25
Artboard 12
Artboard 26
Artboard 32
Artboard 31
Artboard 39
Artboard 40
Artboard 45
Artboard 37
Artboard 35
Artboard 42
Artboard 27
Artboard 8
Artboard 9
Artboard 16
Artboard 34
Artboard 17
Artboard 47
Artboard 6
Artboard 38
Artboard 24
Artboard 23
Artboard 13
Artboard 46
Artboard 33
Artboard 44
Artboard 21
Artboard 36
Artboard 30
Artboard 20
J
J
J
F
M
A
A
S
O
N
D
M
Artboard 29
1
Artboard 22
Artboard 10
Artboard 18
Artboard 19
Artboard 1
Artboard 14
Artboard 28
Artboard 43
Artboard 15
Artboard 11
Artboard 5
X CLOSE
×
You’re being redirected to an external website.
OK
Sign up for email to stay in the loop
Special offers
Exclusive competitions
The best travel tips directly to your inbox
SIGN UP NOW
TransPennine Express Privacy Policy