Personal agenda building
AI-powered networking
Chat, Q&A, polls & surveys
Push notifications
1:1 attendee messaging
Robust exhibitor profiles
Watch a 3-minute video
Take a quick video tour of our mobile event app in action.
Watch video
Watch an on-demand demo
See how Cvent can solve your biggest event and marketing challenges in just 30 minutes.
Watch demo
Schedule a 1:1 demo
Learn how we can solve your unique pain points with a personalized demo.
Schedule your demo
Rethink how attendees interact with your event app
Fully integrated within the Cvent platform to bring digital engagement and connectivity to the next level.
Get a demo
Event apps that provide a richer, more personalized experience
Instant access to key event details, based on attendee selections and preferences. Attendees are provided with session and networking recommendations powered by AI and view content based on their registration type. Attendees can build their personal agenda on the fly and still adhere to capacity limits and specialized access.
Agenda building with ergometric design
Featured sessions and targeted content
Interactive maps to help navigate venue
Push notifications
Multilingual functionality based on device language
Event apps that build community and engagement
Foster community and keep your attendees on-track and informed in real-time.
Live Q&A, polls, surveys, and gamification
AI-powered networking recommendations
1:1 attendee messaging
Text discussions around key topics
Downloadable session and exhibitor content
Personal agenda building & appointment scheduling
Engagement tactics and insights
Track, measure, and analyze attendee engagement to understand what content is being engaged with most, so you can improve your events program.
Content consumption
Web analytics
Engagement scoring
Exhibitor and sponsor reporting
Attendee feedback
Conference apps that foster lead generation and brand awareness
Help exhibitors generate leads and ROI by allowing attendees to request to be contacted — making it easier than ever to schedule in-person or virtual 1:1 meetings.
Virtual booths for exhibitor and sponsor showcase
Display a directory of sponsors and exhibitors
Sponsored sessions and exclusive splash pages
Custom game challenges to drive attendee and exhibitor interactions
Capture inbound leads with contact forms, 1:1 appointments, and booth staff
Keep your event and attendee data safe
Maintain the security of your event app with options that require a login or create invite-only and hidden events. You can also enable single sign-on (SSO) for a seamless login experience.
Get a demo
InXpress
InXpress used Cvent’s integrated solutions to host a safe hybrid event, generating over 150 mobile app downloads, 1.5K check-ins, and dozens of 1:1 appointments.
1,500
check-ins virtually and onsite
165+
app downloads
$45K
in sponsorship revenue
GBA
With the help of Cvent technology, GBA was able to automate labor-intensive tasks and create a more consistent member experience across the attendee journey.
50%
app adoption rate
81
sessions managed
800+
registrants
YPO
YPO used Cvent's mobile event app to meet the immediate networking needs of its members and create a sense of connectivity and community.
300K
global registrations
6,000+
annual events
5,000+
virtual attendees
Appointments
Facilitate meetings between attendees, employees, sponsors, and exhibitors
Integrations
Pass event data seamlessly between Cvent and the SaaS solutions you use every day
Events+
A centralized hub that lets you share past event content and promote future events
Surveys Premium
Collect smart, timely feedback to increase overall business success year after year
Our mobile event app supports any event format
With the Cvent Attendee Hub Event App, onsite and digital attendees can easily manage their schedules, access event content, stay updated, network, and engage with sessions and exhibitors before, during, and after your event.
Get a demo
What is an event app?
Mobile event apps are applications designed to be installed on modern smartphones. They help attendees navigate an event by providing important information such as agendas, maps, session information, attendee profiles, and more. They also provide features that encourage attendees to participate in sessions, increase their overall engagement and enjoy the event more.
What should an event app have?
While this depends largely on the event type, as various features support certain aspects of each event. Typically, most event apps have the following requirements:
Content discovery:
event info, agendas, exhibitors
Engagement features:
gamification, polling, Q&A, surveys
Monetization
: lead generation and brand awareness
Reporting
What are the benefits of an event app?
An event app can have several positive effects on an event. Most frequently the main benefits of having an app include the following:
Cost savings:
reduction in printing needs such as schedules and signage. Additionally, event apps can alleviate staffing for ushers, info desk personnel, mic runners, etc
Changes and updates:
Events are fluid, and things happen. Room changes, speaker cancellations, and last-minute changes can be immediately communicated to attendees no matter where they are
Modern feel to the event:
Let’s face it, no one wants to lug around an event guide anymore. Going digital is convenient, sustainable, and accessible for your attendees. Plus, they look great and adhere to your desired brand experience
Creating a digital footprint
that can be monitored and managed. Lead generation, attendee satisfaction, and attendee behaviors can be collected, tracked, and managed via an event app
What is the purpose of an event app?
Event apps are created to ensure that attendees have a positive event experience. By taking advantage of the devices already in their pockets, event apps ensure attendees have not only the information they need about the event but a way to engage directly with it.
How do event apps contribute to an event management platform?
Event apps are the “engagement” part of the event experience, usually leveraged during the event. Event management changes radically before, during, and after the event. Event apps can positively affect the attendee experience when the event is going on. An event management platform allows attendees to make choices about the event experience, drive attendee behaviors during the event, and collect feedback after the event. Event apps are the key solution for the operational side of events.
24/7 support
from our ~1,800 customer success team
Over
7 million
events managed
Trusted by
over
half of Fortune 500 companies
Our
security and privacy
teams protect your data