^ Back to Top
Skip to content
Search
Site Navigation
Contact Us
Account / Login
Go to Basket
Items:
0
Total:
(£0.00)
You are here:
Home
>
TSO Shop Help Pages
>
App Support
App Support
We hope you will find TSO's smartphone apps easy to use and helpful,
		but if you are experiencing any issues with our apps or would like to send us
		any comments or feedback, this page can help you. Check the FAQs to see if you
		can find an answer to your question, and if not, contact us by filling in our
feedback
		form
and our Technical Support Team will get back to you as soon as
		we can.
Please include the following information in your email to aid the
		  Technical Support Team in helping you more efficiently:
name of the app you are using
the device you are using it on (e.g. iPhone 4)
the operating system you are using (e.g. iOS 4.2). If you are
				not sure of your Operating System (OS), you can check by going to 'settings' on
				your device, then selecting 'general', 'about' and then scrolling down to
				'version'
as much detail as you can give about the issue/feedback.
App FAQs
I am having problems downloading an app from iTunes - what
		  should I do?
If you are trying to purchase one of TSO's apps from iTunes
		  but the app is failing to load to your device (you cannot see the app's icon on
		  your device or on your iTunes account), you will need to get in touch with
		  Apple directly. For more information on how to report an issue to iTunes:
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1933
.
I have downloaded the iPhone app, but it's not working
		  properly - what should I do?
The first thing to do is to check that the software on your
		  device is up-to-date. For our Driving Standards Agency apps to function, you
		  need to be using iOS 3.0 or above. For our Life in the UK app to function, you
		  need to be using iOS 4.0 or above. If you are not sure of your Operating System
		  (OS), you can check by going to 'settings' on your device, then selecting
		  'general', 'about' and then scrolling down to 'version'.
If you are not using the appropriate OS you will need to
		  update your software. There is advice on how to do this on iTunes:
http://www.apple.com/support/itunes/install/
.
If you are still experiencing issues, please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
. Please give us as much information as possible about your issue
		  as this will help us identify what the problem might be. We will then get back
		  to you with a resolution as soon as possible.
The voiceover isn't working - what should I do?
You will need to download the voiceover by going in to
		  settings and switching the voiceover on. You will need to be connected to a
		  Wi-Fi network in order to download the files. It may take some time to download
		  as there is quite a lot of data, but please be patient! If you leave your
		  device whilst the voiceover is downloading, the download progress bar may have
		  disappeared when you return. To check the progress, reselect the 'Voiceover on'
		  button in Settings, click 'yes' to the pop-up, and the progress bar should
		  reappear.
If you continue to experience problems, please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
with as much information as possible about the problems you are
		  experiencing and we will help as soon as we can. Please note that voiceover is
		  not available on the DVSA Theory Test Free App, You'll need to upgrade to the
		  full app if you want to use this feature.
I have entered my test date in 'Settings' but I am not
		  receiving any notifications - why? (DVSA app users)
Users on iOS 4.0 or above who enter a test date when
		  prompted on their first use of the app, or who enter a test date in 'Settings',
		  will receive regular notifications reminding them to prepare for their theory
		  test. However, this function is not available to users on iOS 3. To enable this
		  functionality, you will need to update your software. Details on how to do this
		  are available on iTunes:
http://www.apple.com/support/itunes/install/
.
If you continue to experience problems, please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
.
I have bought The Official DVSA Theory Test Kit for Car
		  Drivers but it seems to be missing one whole section (either Hazard Perception
		  or multiple-choice) - what's wrong?
The likelihood is that you have gone into one section of the
		  app but have not navigated all the way back to the main home screen. When you
		  are on the main page of the Theory Test or Hazard Perception part of the app,
		  there is a home icon in the top left hand corner. Select this and you will be
		  taken back to the main homepage where you can select the other section of the
		  app.
How long should it take for you to get back to me about my
		  issue?
Our support team are available between 9am and 5pm Monday -
		  Friday. We will endeavour to get back to you on the same day about your issue,
		  but we may need to refer it to the app developers if we are not able to
		  identify an immediate problem. We will keep you informed of the progress of
		  your issue and aim to have issues resolved within 48 hours where
		  possible.
I have a suggestion about the app - can I let you
		  know?
Yes please! We'd love to hear your comments and suggestions.
		  Although we can't guarantee that we will be able to make all the changes you
		  suggest, we will listen to them all and see if we can incorporate them into
		  future versions of the apps to make them even better. Please contact us by
		  filling in our
feedback
		  form
and tell us what you think!
I am having problems with an Android, Amazon or Windows app -
		  what should I do?
If you have downloaded the app to your device but you are
		  experiencing an issue, please contact us by filling in our
feedback
		  form
. Please give us as much information as possible about your issue
		  as this will help us identify what the problem might be. We will then get back
		  to you with a resolution as soon as possible.
For all other queries please contact us by filling in our
feedback
		  form
. Please provide as much information as possible to aid the
		  Technical Support Team in helping you more efficiently.
>>
		  Buy The Official DVSA Theory Test Kit for Car Drivers on
		  iTunes
.
>>
		  Buy The Official Life in the UK Citizenship Test App on
		  iTunes
.
Help Pages
FAQs
About Us
Registering
Searching for Products
Purchasing
Call Charges
Cookies
Promotional Discount Codes
Payment
Delivery and Availability
Returns and Cancellations
CD-ROMs and DVDs
eBook Downloads
PDF Downloads
Software Downloads
App Support
Placing Subscription Orders
Managing your Account
Accessibility
Site Security
Customer Charter
Privacy Notice
TSO Shop Terms and Conditions
Consumer Terms and Conditions
Business Terms and Conditions
TSO Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Overseas Agents and Distributors
UK Agents and Distributors
International Customers
Show all Subjects & Categories