PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective Date November 06, 2023
Introduction.
This privacy statement ("Privacy Statement") is designed to provide information about the privacy and data usage practices of Seiko Epson Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to herein as "Epson", "we", "our" or "us") for the Epson Printer Finder and any other software products or software features that refer to, post a link to, or otherwise include this Privacy Statement (collectively the "Service"). This Privacy Statement does not apply to any other websites, applications or services.
Please review this Privacy Statement carefully. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, contact Epson’s privacy coordinator by sending email to Privacy.epsonmobileprintapps@exc.epson.co.jp, or sending a letter to 80 Harashinden, Hirooka, Shiojiri, Nagano, Japan, Seiko Epson Corporation Printing Solutions Division, Epson Mobile Application (for Printer) Personal Information Protection Manager.
In addition, please review any applicable terms and conditions, which govern your use of the Service.
Information we collect through the Application.
We do not collect information.
Children’s Privacy.
Epson does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Application or Usage Survey. The Application or Usage Survey and its contents are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Access to function.
In order that you use the Application, the Application accesses following functions of your device.
Wi-Fi: Wi-Fi function is accessed for connecting the devices.*
*Depending on OS version or devices, some functions may not be available.
The Application accesses the function, but Epson does not store or collect any access logs or contents that are printed through your device.
Complaints, inquiries, and requests for disclosure. You should direct any complaints, inquiries, and requests pertaining to this Privacy Statement to the Privacy Coordinator. You can terminate your use of the Service by following the instructions set forth in the applicable terms of service, or by uninstalling and deleting the software or application.
Contacting Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, our practices, or your dealings with the Services, or you have reason to believe Epson may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Statement, you can contact us by email:
Privacy Coordinator.
Epson Mobile Application (for Printer) Personal Information Protection Manager
Privacy.epsonmobileprintapps@exc.epson.co.jp