Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
GDPR compliance
List of Data Subprocessors
Ivideon Data Protection Agreement (Controller)
Customer Data Protection Agreement (Processor)
Last updated: January 01, 2021
IVIDEON LLC (IVIDEON) is pleased to provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information we receive from you through our hardware, software, mobile applications and our website located at
https://www.ivideon.com
(the Website). Such hardware, service, software, mobile applications and the Website are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as the Service. IVIDEON reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Website at
https://www.ivideon.com/privacy/
. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
IVIDEON contact details:
IVIDEON LLC
support@ivideon.com
17595, HARVARD AVE STE C PMB 3328, IRVINE, CA 92614, USA
Purposes of the Processing
We process personal data for the following purposes:
Maintenance of availability of the Services, which means that we will process your personal data if it is required for proper functioning of the Services;
Marketing promotion of the Services, which means that your personal data will be processed in order to promote the Services;
Fraud prevention, which means that your personal data may be processed to determine if any transaction related to you is valid and legitimate.
We use information we obtain by technical means (such as the automatic recording performed by our servers or through the use of cookies) for the above purposes and in order to monitor and analyze use of the Service, for the Service’s technical administration, to increase the Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, to better tailor it to your needs, to generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics and website use behavior of our users, and to verify that users of the Service meet the criteria required to process their requests.
Categories of Personal Data
Client account data. This category includes information provided by you in order to create and maintain client account in the Services. Such information includes your name, email, phone number, account activity data, account type, account id, country and time zone.
Client payment data. This category includes amount, currency and history of payments, payment method details.
Service user data. This category includes IP address, Service activity data, device and browser data. The data also includes the data that we regularly collect about visitors of the Website (e. g., IP address, browser type, pages accessed, duration of visit, etc.) does not necessarily enable us to personally identify you, and that is not our intention. We may automatically collect certain types of information listed above when you access or use the Service. In order to collect this data, we may utilize automated tools and files such as cookies. These automated tools and files may reside on our servers or on your computer or device. If you restrict our ability to use automated tools and files, your ability to access and use all or part of the Service may be limited or disabled completely.
Video surveillance data. This category includes video surveillance data that we process according to the instructions of the clients which determine means and purposes of data processing.
Sources of Personal Data
Account data is provided by the clients during account registration and updating. Some account data is collected automatically to set up correct settings of the account.
Payment data is provided by the clients during purchasing the Services. Some data is provided by payment service providers.
Service user data is collected automatically during conducting of any activities with the Service.
Video surveillance data is provided by our clients from their video surveillance devices.
Personal data related to any category may be provided by the clients and Service users during communication with our technical support.
Lawful Basis for the Processing
Lawful basis of processing for the purpose of maintenance of availability of the Service is performance of our contractual obligations with the clients. In relation to video surveillance data the lawful basis of processing is legitimate interest.
Processing for the purpose of marketing promotion is conducted as our legitimate interest.
Processing for the purpose of fraud prevention is based on our legitimate interest.
Legitimate Interest
When we rely on legitimate interest during processing for marketing promotion only if such data was provided to us during or after the purchase of the Service and you can opt out of such processing any time. We reasonably consider that our clients will expect receiving marketing communication related to the Service. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive any such communications, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications sent to you, or update your profile information.
Processing of video surveillance data is based on legitimate interest as we don’t have direct relations with surveillance subjects but we have to process it as long as our clients process this data when using the Service and therefore we consider such purpose as legitimate.
We also rely on legitimate interest for the purpose of fraud prevention as suspected fraud may require us to take actions without data subject’s consent and without respective contractual obligation. At the same time, such processing is required for protection of our lawful rights.
Recipients of the Personal Data
Personal data will be shared with the following recipients:
hosting providers;
payment services providers;
management service providers;
our staff;
our clients;
technical support providers;
government bodies.
We may make available to users chat rooms, forums, message boards, and other interactive features on the Service. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e. g. user name, e-mail address) via forums, postings, profiles or other areas of the Service, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, can be collected, correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond of our control. Please do not post any personal information on the Service or in other areas that you expect to keep private.
We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers, such as data storage providers, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, and payment processing, which supplement and improve the Service. These service providers may have access to personal information as needed to perform their functions and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your personal information, except for the purpose of providing the services in question. We do not sell your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes.
We may use and disclose to third parties information we collect in aggregated, non-personally identifiable form for research and informational purposes and to help us make sales, marketing and business decisions.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information, as necessary, in connection with a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of IVIDEON stock or assets in IVIDEON line of business to which this Privacy Policy relates or upon any bankruptcy or other corporate reorganization. We will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to any new privacy policy of an acquirer of our business.
In addition, we may disclose your personally identifiable information (a) when requested to do so by law enforcement agencies; (b) when obliged to do so under applicable law; © to protect the property rights of IVIDEON or a third party; (d) to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity that we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable, or (e) when given permission to do so by you.
International Transfers
We conduct international transfers of personal data to recipients in countries which provide adequate data protection. If there is no adequacy decision in respect of recipient’s country we transfer personal data under the terms of our Data Processing Agreement available at:
https://www.ivideon.com/subprocessors/data-protection-agreement-processor/
(processor) and
https://www.ivideon.com/subprocessors/data-protection-agreement-controller/
(controller).
Retention Period
Client account data is processed during the effective period of our agreement with the client. Such data may be processed in a limited way after termination in case if the account will be restored according to the client’s instructions or in case if we’ll require evidence for protection of our legal rights.
Client payment data is processed during the effective period of our agreement with the client. Such data may be stored in a limited way after terminate in case if we require this data for protection of our legal rights.
Service user data is processed during activity sessions on the Service and within a limited time after the session.
Video surveillance data is processed during the effective period of our agreement with the client depending on the chosen tariff.
Third Party Websites
For your convenience, we may provide links to certain third party websites or referrals to certain third parties’ products or services. If you choose to visit a third party’s website or use its products or services, please be aware that the third party’s privacy policy, and not the IVIDEON privacy policy, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while interacting with the third party.
Available Rights
Each data subject has the right to exercise the following rights provided that such rights are established by applicable law. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request. Please submit a request to
support@ivideon.com
to exercise any of these rights.
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. We will respond to your request within thirty days of receipt of the request.
We want to make sure your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
It is your right to lodge an objection to the processing of your personal data depending on specific circumstances of processing. The only reasons we will be able to deny your request is if we can show compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interest, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claims.
It is also your right to receive the personal data which you have given to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another controller without delay if:
(a) The processing is based on consent or on performance of contractual obligations, and
(b) The processing is carried out by automated means.
You may also request us to delete all information that we hold about you. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
You also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Necessary Data
The Service will indicate of provision of specific personal data is required. It means that this data is required either for performance of our contractual or statutory obligation.
Automated Decision Making and Profiling
We keep profiles of the data subjects as long as such profile are required to provide accounting of the clients. The clients may process your personal data contained in video surveillance information for automated decision making at their discretion subject to applicable law.
Storage and Security
We maintain data centers around the world to serve its international community of users. Our data centers located in the United States serve users from the United States, Canada, Japan, and South America. Data from users in Europe, the UK, and the Middle East is stored in our data centers in Germany and the Netherlands. Finally, users from the CIS countries have their data stored in data centers located in the Russian Federation, Ukraine and Kazakhstan.
We put in place reasonable physical and technical measures to safeguard the information we collect in connection with the Services. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
Collection of Information from Children
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information relating to children. In the event that we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age without prior parental consent, we will take steps to promptly delete such information. By providing your personal information to us, you represent that you are 13 years of age or older.