Home
Products
Site Map
Support
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Pyxwise Software Inc.
      is dedicated to protecting your privacy while visiting our site or using our software.
Our Apps do not collect or transmit any personal data.
Pyxwise Software builds family friendly educational software. Our products do not automatically track or transmit any kind of data to Pyxwise. Our apps are intended to be used  anonymously.
Student names and progress data for our apps is stored locally on your mobile device and you can choose to export and email that data to a person of your choosing. No student information will ever be transmitted to anyone unless the person using the device actively initiates the emailing of student information. Please do not email Pyxwise any student information as we do want it and we will promptly delete it upon receiving it.
Our apps do contain an email link to contact Pyxwise Software so that you may easily reach us regarding technical support issues, to answer questions and to provide Pyxwise with feedback about our apps. If you or someone using your device contacts us through email that person will be providing us with a name and email address and possibly other information contained within the email that you send. We will use the information in the email to respond to and answer your questions. We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13, or users of any age. However, we have no way of knowing the exact age of any person who might contact us by email. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
Please note that the email feature in many of our apps has a child protection feature on it that requires the user to answer a math question before being able to access the email feature. A few of our apps targeted at older children do not yet have an child protection feature implemented, but we intend to add child protection to the email feature as we roll out updates for these apps in the future.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographical location.
Our apps contain no In-App purchases.
Currently none of our apps contain any In-App purchases. Our "Simplex Spelling - Free Lite" app does contain obvious links on the home page that will take you to our other Apps on the App Store.
No ad companies collect data through our apps.
None of our apps contain any 3rd party advertising. As a result we do not allow advertising companies to collect any data through our service for ad targeting.
Our apps contains links to child safe web pages.
Our apps contain links to child safe web pages that do not contain any links to third party website. This enables us to provideand quickly update helpful information such as : a FAQ page, tips for using the app, spelling word lists, our privacy policy and information about our other products.
We don't share your personal data with other companies.
We  do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
Our website collects anonymous information, but does not link to personal  activity data.
Our website systems log information such as your browser, operating system and IP adress. We do not use cookies on our site.
Our systems are not designed to associate personal information with your activities (such as pages you view or things you click on or search for).
Our social networking pages may collect personal information.
The only personal data we receive is a result of you actively choosing to contact us via email, or post on our :  facebook page, twitter account, pinterest, or through other means.
Our apps do not contain any links or access to social networking sites.
What do we use your information for?
Any information that we collect will only be used for the express purpose of delivering the requested product or service. Examples of request include, but are not limited to, technical support, contests, giveaways, promotions, product updates and surveys.
Requesting to see or delete your personal account data.
We do not have an account creation system on our site. Our apps allow the creation of multiple user accounts, but all account information is only accessable on the device where the app is installed and no account data is transmitted or collected by Pyxwise Software Inc.
We keep personal data until you delete it.
We remove personally identifiable information (such as you name, address, email or phone number) and other preferences associated with you promtply after receiving confirmation from you to do so. We may retain other data indefinitely.
Third party Links
Pyxwise Software's website, when accessed from outside our apps, may include links to third party sites. These third party sites have separate and independant privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. We wish to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about linked sites.
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
support@pyxise.com
Or mail to:
Pyxwise Software Inc.
1676 Tompkins Wynd NW
Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
T6R 2Y4
We take steps to protect personal information.
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief that it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your conset will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
Your consent
By using our web site, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on August 15, 2013. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application.