6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C, Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting and respecting  your privacy. This Privacy Policy, sets out the basis on which any personal  data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  By proceeding to use our service you consent that we may process the personal  data (including sensitive personal data) that we collect from you in accordance  with this Privacy Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to  understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will  treat it.
THE FOLLOWING POLICY DOCUMENT PERTAINS TO ALL TIMELESS COMMUNICATIONS WEBSITES INCLUDING:
plsn.com
fohonline.com
stage-directions.com
epdweb.com
parnelliawards.com
timeless-com.com
timeless-com2.com
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data  about you:
(a) information that you provide by filling in  forms on our websites. This includes and is not limited to personal  information about you such as your name, telephone contact number, geographical  address/location and email address, We may also ask you for information if you  report a problem with our Websites
(b) if you contact Us by telephone or in  writing, We may keep a copy of that correspondence or communication; and
(c) details of your visits to the Website(s) and  the resources that you access.
  If you have provided us with the personal data  of another person, you confirm that he/she consents to the processing of  his/her personal data and that you have informed him/her of our identity as a Data  Controller.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
We may collect information about your mobile  phone, computer or other device from which you access the Website(s) including  where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for systems  administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is  statistical
  data about our users’ browsing actions and  patterns, and does not identify any individual.
The Website(s) uses cookies in order to enable you  to enter information and for us to store such information. Such use of cookies  is limited to those users who enter information into the Website(s), for example,  for the purpose of submitting an enquiry to the Website(s). Accordingly, such  cookies will not be used in relation to people visiting the site without  inputting any information.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating  the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts  of our Website(s). Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will  refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you enter information into  our Website(s).
Please note that our advertisers may also use  cookies, over which we have no control.
RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take appropriate measures to ensure that any  information collected from you is kept secure and kept only for so long as is  necessary for the purpose for which such information is used. If any of your  personal data changes, or if you have any questions about how We use data  collected which relates to you, please contact Us using the details below.
We normally update your personal data within  seven (7) working days of any new or updated personal data being provided to  Us, to ensure that the personal data We hold about you is as accurate and up to  date as possible.
USES MADE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the  following ways:
(a) to ensure that content from our Websites are presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
(b) to provide you with information, products  and/or services that you request from Us or which We feel may interest you;  where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
(c) to carry out our obligations arising from  any contracts entered into between you and Us; and
(d) to notify you about changes to our services.  We will not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes unless we  have procured your express consent to do so.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to  third parties
(a) in the event that We sell or buy any  business or assets, in which case We may disclose your personal data to the prospective  seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
(b) if We or substantially all of our assets are  acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about our  customers will be one of the transferred assets; or
(c) if We are under a duty to disclose or share  your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to  enforce or apply other agreements; or
(d) to protect the rights, property or safety,  our customers or others.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your  personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before  collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we  intend to disclose your data to any third party for such purposes. You can  exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting us at
info@timelesscom.com
. You can also exercise this right at any time by contacting us  using the contact details below. The act gives you the right to access  information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance  with the act. Any access request may be subject to a reasonable administration  fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold  about you.
Our Website(s) may, from time to time, contain  links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and  affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these  websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not  accept any responsibility or liability for  these policies.
CHANGES  TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future  will be posted on this page and on our Website(s).