PRIVACY POLICY
The following Privacy Policy applies to all of  Bubble Shooter's games
This Privacy Policy has been effective from March 12th, 2017
Bubble Shooter collects information as described below. Our primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide services to you, improve our games, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.
Information We Collect Through Your Use of Our Service
For continuously improve our app and provide more better experiences, We and our service providers may use these log files, tags, and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including:
1. Platform Type
2. Your Language
3. GPS Location
4. Your operating system version
5. Your mobile device's identifiers
Information About You That We Get From Connected Third-Party Applications, Including Social Networks (like Facebook)
And If you play games on connected third-party applications or connect our Services to any third-party applications, including social networks like Facebook, We may receive certain information about you from the provider of the third-party application. The information we receive depends on the game you're playing, the third-party application, your privacy settings and, if applicable, your friends' privacy settings on that third-party application.
We may collect and store some of those information shared by the provider of the connected third-party application:
1. First Name and Last Name
2. Your profile picture's URL
3. Your user ID number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo
4. The user ID number and other public data for your friends
5. Your gender
6. Any other information that you or the provider of the third-party application share with our game
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the third-party application to find out more about their privacy practices.
How we use your personal information
1. Provide you with the Games: To perform our contractual obligation towards you to allow you to play the Games (and interact with other players, if applicable), we process necessary Information including Information you provide to us when playing the Games, identifiers, information you generate and display when playing the Games, information regarding your use of the Games and information regarding your in Game purchases.
2. Improve the Games: It is in our legitimate interests to improve our Games for our players. When doing so, we may collect information we automatically collect or is generated about you when you play the Games, as well as non-personal information about your device such as battery, Wi-Fi strength, device manufacturer, model and operating system, and the amount of free space on your device.
3. Provide you with support and to respond to your requests or complaints: If you reach out to us for support, we will use your Information to open a support ticket, respond to your emails and resolve your queries and complaints and to facilitate support (e.g. retrieval of Game level). When doing so, we perform our contractual obligation towards you. The Information we process when doing so includes your identifiers, where you are located and any other information about you collected via our player support channels.
4. Conduct analytics: It is in our legitimate interests to analyse the use of and form, our Games and advertising campaigns, and any other interaction or interest in the same. When doing so we will process information we automatically collect or is generated about you when you play the Games or interact with our advertising campaigns to (a) create anonymised and aggregated data; (b) create segments of users who show particular characteristics or interests; (c) conduct predictive analytics about your interests; (d) to determine the levels you have played and how may times it took to complete a level in order to improve player satisfaction and improve level design.
5. Provide you with advertising: We will present you with ads and suggestions in our Games and elsewhere. These may be ads relating to our own Games or other services you may be interested in. These ads and suggestions may be tailored specifically to you. Where it is required, we will only do so where we have your consent. In situations where your consent is not required, or where we provide contextual advertising, we do so on the basis of our legitimate interests. If you no longer want to receive targeted advertising you can withdraw your consent in the Games settings, or if that option is not available, please see Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising which explains how you can opt-out and change your browser and device settings. To tailor ads and to allow our advertising partners to tailor ads, we process information we automatically collect or is generated about you when you play the Games and information received from third parties.
6. Prevent fraud, enforce our terms and to comply with our legal obligations: It is in our legitimate interest to protect our interests and to keep the Games and their social features safe and fair by (1) analysing and monitoring Game use to detect fraud or any other user behaviour which prejudices the integrity of our Games, (2) taking steps to remedy such fraud and behaviour and (3) enforcing our terms and policies. When doing so, we will process the relevant Information, including Information you provide us, Information we automatically collect about you, and Information which is provided to us by third parties.
7. Send you updates about in-Game offers and our other Games and services that may be of interest to you. We will send you promotional offers, and information about other products and services that may be of interest to you via push notification or in Game. Where it is required, we will only do so where we have your consent. When doing so, we process the analytics information above. Your consent can be withdrawn at any time by adjusting your device settings for push notifications. In addition, we will send you information regarding updates and/or security alerts in Game.
8. Provide social features. We may offer Game competitions and other social features such as team play, chat, sharing lives with teammates and other cooperative team activities. The information we process to provide you with social features includes your chat name, chat history, teammate and game play information.
Your Rights
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.
Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law.
We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
Right to deletion
You can request us to delete the personal data we have collected on you in the past 12 months.We fully recognize you right to deletion, however, we would like to note that in some cases we are obliged to keep your personal data for certain period of time. For instance, if we need to provide services to you, detect or resolve issues security or functionality-related issues, comply with the law, conduct research in the public interest, safeguard the right to free speech or carry out any actions for internal purposes that you might reasonably expect. If we do not have obligations to perform any of the above actions, we can delete your personal information at your request.
Data Deletion Request
You may request Bubble Shooter to erase without undue delay your personal data when it is no longer necessary for Bubble Shooter to retain such data.
In order for your data to be erased you can contact Bubble Shooter by caramel.columninc@addiktive.games with request.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy please email to : caramel.columninc@addiktive.games