Privacy
Last Updated 17 Nov 2022
Privacy Policy
A Tasty Pixel Pty Ltd (ACN 162 349 877)
A Tasty Pixel Pty Ltd (ACN 162 349 877) (
us, we, our
) maintain a policy of strict confidence concerning your (
you, your
) personal information (
Privacy Policy
).  This Privacy Policy has been developed in accordance with the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) (
Privacy Act
).  The Privacy Policy applies to the collection, storage, use and disclosure by us of your personal information.  By using our product or services or accessing our website https://loopypro.com or the application Loopy Pro (together the
Platform
) you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy applies to information provided to us whether via our Platform or any other means and sets out how we will comply with the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act.
Although we will comply with this Privacy Policy in respect of information provided to us by persons under the age of 18 years, those persons must obtain the consent of a parent or guardian prior to using the Platform and the parent or guardian will be responsible for appropriately supervising the person’s use of the Platform.
If you have any further questions or if you wish to receive more information on our information practices and Privacy Policy, please Contact us.
1. Collecting personal information
1.1 What personal information do we collect?
The application Loopy Pro collects no information from you at all.
When you contact us, either directly or by signing up to services such as our Newsletter or Forum, the types of personal information we collect includes contact details such as name and email, information relevant to providing our products and services to you. We do not collect your payment information, as this is collected through a third party payment platform.
We will not collect any sensitive information from you, revealing your race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships or details of health or disability. Exceptions to this include:
where you have given express consent to us to do so and the information is reasonably necessary for us to carry out our functions or activities;
where the use of this information is required or authorised under Australian law or a court or tribunal order; or
where the information is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim;
or as otherwise permitted by law.
1.2 How do we collect personal information?
We only collection personal information by fair and lawful means.  This may take place in a number of ways, such as when you contact us by email or phone, in person or in writing, submit a form or subscribe to our newsletter.  We may also collect personal information from third parties such as your representatives or from publicly available sources of information.
1.3
Why do we collect personal information?
All personal information that we collect is reasonably necessary for the purposes relating to providing our services to you. Those purposes include:
to receive and respond to your enquiries regarding our products and services;
identify your service requirements and provide you with that product or service;
to receive, monitor, manage and mitigate complaints and disputes;
investigate and manage damage, loss or theft to or in connection with the use of our products;
to operate and manage our business, including the ongoing management, recruitment and training of employees, contractors and representatives; and
business development and strategy, including marketing and research.
If someone other than you provides us with personal information about you that we did not ask for and we determine that we could have collected this information from you had we asked for it, we will notify you as soon as practicable. This notice will be given unless to do so would be in breach of an obligation of confidence.  If we could not have collected this personal information, we will lawfully de identify or destroy that personal information.
We will not collect personal information unless the information is reasonably necessary for or directly related to one, or more of our functions or activities.  If we are unable to collect personal information we reasonably require, we may not be able to do business with you or the organisation with which you are connected.
2. Cookies
When you visit our website the server may attach a “cookie” to your computer’s memory.  A “cookie” assists us to store information on how visitors to the website use it and the pages that may be of most interest.  This information may be used to provide users of your computer with information that we think may interest the users of your computer. However, this information is not linked to any personal information you may provide and cannot be used to identify you.  If you choose, you should be able to configure your computer so that it disables “cookies” or does not accept them.
3. Use and disclosure of information
We may use personal information about you for the primary purpose of providing you with our products and services, and for which you would reasonably expect us to use that information, including sending you information about new developments, products, services and special offers by any form of electronic communication. We may use any email address or other personal information you provide to us at any time for this purpose.
In order to deliver the services that we provide to you, we may disclose your personal information to other organisations in relation to providing our products and services to you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
We may share personal information with third parties in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganisation or sale of all or a material part of our assets or business.
In the event of a security incident involving unauthorised access, use or disclosure of personal information where a third party with whom we share personal information is involved, we will seek to work cooperatively with them to protect the personal information we have shared with them.
We never rent or sell your information to third parties.
4. Direct marketing
We may use personal information about you for the primary purpose of providing you with our products and services, and for other purposes for which you would reasonably expect us to use that information. This includes sending you information about new developments, products, services and special offers by any form of electronic communication, including via the Loopy Pro app.
You can, at any time, opt out of receiving marketing material by contacting us.
You agree and acknowledge that even if you opt out of receiving marketing material, we will still send you essential information that we are legally required to send you relating to the services we provide. Once you opt out of receiving marketing material from us, you agree and acknowledge that this removal from our distribution lists may take several business days after the date of you request to be removed.
5. Accuracy of your information
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information held by us is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading.  If you believe that any of your personal information is not accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading, please contact us and we will take all reasonable steps to correct it within a reasonable time.
6. Third Parties and your information
We will only collect, store, use or disclose personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy unless we are required by law to protect our rights or property (or those of any third party) or to avoid injury to any person.
Although the Site may link directly to websites operated by third parties (
Linked Sites
), you acknowledge that Linked Sites are not operated by us.  We encourage you to always read the applicable Privacy Policy of any Linked Site on entering the Linked Site.  We are not responsible for the content or practices of the Linked Sites nor their privacy policies regarding the collection, use, storage and disclosure of your personal inform.
7. Disclosure of Information Overseas
We do not transfer your personal information overseas.
8. Your consent
By your use of the Platform or our products and services you consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted under the Privacy Act.  To the extent you provide us with the personal information of a third party, you warrant that you hold the requisite consents and authorisations to provide that information for use in accordance with this Policy.
9. Storage and security
We will use all reasonable endeavours to keep your personal information in a secure environment, safe from misuse, interference, loss or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. However, this security cannot be guaranteed.  This includes an authentication system we have put in place to restrict access to personal information and the encryption of passwords.  These security measures are designed to ensure your personal information is not subject to unauthorised access, loss or misuse.  If you reasonably believe that there has been unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information please contact us.
If we no longer need your personal information, unless we are required under Australian law or a court or tribunal order to retain it, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify your personal information in accordance with our document and information retention policy.
Notwithstanding the reasonable steps taken to keep information secure, breaches may occur.  In the event of a security incident we have in place procedures to promptly investigate the incident and determine if there has been a data breach involving personal information, and if so, to assess if it is a breach that would require notification.  If it is, we will notify affected parties in accordance with Privacy Act requirements.
We will not be liable for any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information due to the Platform being linked to the Internet.
10. Variation and consent to variation
We may vary the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time.  You should check this Privacy Policy regularly so that you are aware of any variations made to this Privacy Policy.  You will be deemed to have consented to such variations by your continued use of the Platform or our products and services following such changes being made.
11. Access to information we hold about you
If you request access to the personal information we hold about you, we will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time and, where reasonable and practicable, give access to the information in the manner you request.  This will be subject to any exemptions allowed under the Privacy Act. You may request this information by writing to our Privacy Officer.
We may charge a reasonable fee for providing that information.
When contacting us you have the option to either not identify yourself or to use a pseudonym.  However, this will not apply if it is impracticable for us to communicate with you that way or we are required or authorised under Australian law (or a court or tribunal order) to only deal with individuals who have identified themselves.
12. Contact Us
You can contact us with any questions, complaints or other matters regarding your personal information and this Privacy Policy at the following:
Name:
Privacy Officer
Email:
privacy@atastypixel.com
If you have a privacy complaint, we encourage you to submit your complaint to us in writing.  We will confirm receipt of the complaint within 7 days of receipt, review the complaint and endeavour to provide you with a written response within 30 days of receipt (or such longer period as may be notified or agreed).  If on receipt of our response you are not satisfied, you can make a further complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at
www.oaic.gov.au
.