Home
Blog
About
Sample Puzzles
News
Contact Us
Unolingo Application Privacy Policy
Home
»
					
											  Unolingo Application Privacy Policy
This privacy policy published by Equazi Enterprises, LLC (Equazi) applies to all content provided by and your use of the Unolingo app (the “App”) on Facebook or any mobile device.
If you are registered Facebook user, you are also subject to Facebook’s privacy policy. Please check your Facebook account privacy settings for further information.
Collecting information about you
We collect different types of information about App users for three main reasons:
To help us to monitor and improve the App.
To advertise within the App.
With user consent, to market services to individual users.
Our principles
We do our utmost to protect user privacy through the appropriate use of security technology. This means we ensure that we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect your information and that when we outsource any processes, the service provider has appropriate security measures.
We will respect your privacy. You should receive marketing emails only from Equazi. It will be made clear to you where you have these choices, for example, tick boxes will let you decide whether you wish to receive marketing.  We may, however, email you occasionally with information or queries about the App, for example, to offer rewards to users.
We collect and use individual user details only where we have legitimate business reasons and are legally entitled to do so.
We will be transparent in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use your information.
We will use personal data only for the purpose(s) for which they were originally collected and we will ensure personal data are securely disposed of.
Where we or our service providers transfer data out of the European Economic Area (EEA) this is only ever done with the relevant protections required by UK law being in place.
Sharing your information with us and others
When you first access the App, for example by opting to post data from the App to your Facebook newsfeed, you will be presented with a Facebook permissions page, which will advise you about the Facebook information you will be sharing with the App and other Facebook users. You can then decide whether or not to share your Facebook information by using the App. If you decide not to grant permission you will not be able to use the Facebook features of the App.
By granting permission you will be agreeing to share your Facebook user details (including your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings) as well as the user details of your Facebook friends, and information about your use of the App, for example, the articles you are reading.
If you choose to post content or other data from the App, for example, by posting one of your scores. this can be accessed by all of your Facebook friends.  You can always decide not to share information with your Facebook friends and the App will never post information or scores to your Facebook timeline without express action on your part.
Unsubscribing
To remove the App remove it from your mobile device or remove the Facebook App permissions by accessing the application settings in your Facebook account settings.
Once you remove the App we no longer have permission to access your Facebook information and your data will be removed from the App.
Legal information
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller for the App is Equazi Enterprises LLC, 2147 Daintree Avenue, West Bloomfield, MI 48323.
If you would like to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold on you, or have any queries regarding Equazi’s use of personal data please contact the data protection manager at the above address, or by email to support@unolingo.com
Blogroll
Appolicious
Best Apps Market
Mobi Apps Review
Recent Posts
Looking for Unolingo Online?
3 Million Puzzles
iPhone/iPad Review
Copyright ©
Equazi Enterprises
| Powered by
Wordpress