English
Español
Deutsch
Français
中文 (中国)
PRIVACY POLICY
Kioscocina collects, stores and uses your personal information as responsible for the treatment related to the purpose of providing and developing products, mobile applications, services and websites (collectively “Services”) in accordance with this privacy policy (“privacy policy” ).
For questions and information about privacy policy and the rights of the interested party, please contact us through the page www.kioscocina.com.
All Kiosk Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing a service, you consent to the treatment, use and disclosure of your data. Please do not install or use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. The continued use of our products and services online and for mobile means that you accept the changes in our Online Privacy Policy.
1. How is your information collected?
Situations in which personal data are made available to Kioscocina include, but are not limited to: (i) the use of mobile kiosk applications or visit our websites, (ii) registration for services, contests and events Special; (Iii) access to services using a third-party identification, such as social networking sites; (Iv) the use of “recipe sharing” or other similar characteristics; (V) request technical assistance; And (vi) any other means by which the Kiosk Services are used, and personal data are required for use and / or participation.
The data we manage may include, but are not limited to: Device ID and IP address.
Kiosk can supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographics, advertising, market and other surveys or analysis services.
2. Ad insertion technology
Kiosk can employ third-party advertising insertion technology that uses certain methods to collect information as a result of the insertion of advertisements through Services.
Kiosk or third parties operating the ad insertion technology may use demographic and geographical location information as well as data recorded on your hardware or device , To make sure the service offers you the right advertising. Kiosk or third parties may record data for this purpose, including, but not limited to, data such as IP address, device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, information Operating system, browser information, unique identifier in browser cookies, flash cookies and HTML5 local storage, information on internet usage and information during the game.
The above data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this privacy policy, as well as the privacy policy of the company providing the ad insertion technology.
Some services may include the use of advertising during the execution of the app. These types of ads or sponsorships are seen as such within the services.
3. Analytics
Kiosk uses your information to conduct your own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties. We use analytical information to support business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, product and service improvement, content customization, advertising, and making recommendations. Kioscocina may also use third parties such as Google Analytics for the purpose of developing and analyzing the use of the Services. To learn more about Google Analytics and its services, please see https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
4. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Personal data may be disclosed to third parties, including third parties outside the European Union or the European Economic Area, in accordance with applicable law and this privacy policy.
Kioscocina may use third parties to collect and process personal data on behalf of Kioscocina and according to Kioscocina instructions. Kiosk is not responsible for the acts and omissions of said third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
5. Data Retention and Correction
Kiosk will retain the data collected during the period necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this privacy policy, unless a longer shelf life is required or permitted by law. From that moment on Kiosk will remove all the aforementioned data that are in your possession within a reasonable time. Kiosk will not verify the accuracy of personal data.
Please note that some data may be retained for a longer period if necessary to resolve disputes, comply with Kiosk user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and limitations related to the security, integrity and operation of the Services .
6. Cookies, beacons and tracking
Services may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags, local shared objects, hardware-based device identifiers, operating system-based identifiers, transparent GIFs, and web beacons. Kiosk will treat the information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
Cookies: “Cookie” is a small file stored by your browser to record your movements on web pages. Usually websites place a number of different cookies on the end user’s device. Some of the cookies are “1st part,” of the website itself, and others are “3rd part”, which belongs to advertising and analysis entities or social networks. Kioscocina cookies will not include personal data and therefore General are used to quickly identify the device and to “remember” your browser on subsequent visits for the purpose of functionality, preferences and website performance. You can disable cookies or configure your browser to notify you when cookies are sent to your However, disabling cookies may affect the features and functions of the Services.
Flash and HTML5 Cookies: Kiosk can also use Flash cookies (local shared objects) and local HTML5 storage. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies, but are not stored in the browser and can also be used to remember your settings, to customize the appearance of the Services, or for advertising and analytics. You can prevent Flash cookies from being stored by following the instructions provided by Adobe at http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.
Web beacons and pixel tags: A “web beacon” or “pixel tag” is a graphic image (often not visible to the end user) that allows Kiosk to count users who have visited certain pages or seen certain advertisements. In addition, emails and other electronic communications that Kioscocina has sent you may contain pixel labels that allow Kioscocina to track your use of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and / or which links were followed, if applicable .
7. Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that access to and use of the services may be subject to certain terms and conditions of third parties and Kioscocina is not responsible for the use of your personal data of such third parties.
Kioscocina may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, sale of all shares and / or substantial assets of Kiosk or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any “Due Diligence “, however, this privacy policy will continue to regulate such personal data.
8. Safeguards
Kiosk complies with generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable protections to try to ensure the safety, integrity, and privacy of information held by Kiosk.
9. Others
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of providing user-generated content to the services.
Any information you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like will become public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality with respect to such data.
10. Additional information
This privacy policy is governed by Spanish law excluding your choice of legal provisions.
Kioscocina makes good faith efforts for you to review, update or correct your personal data in possession of Kiosk.
Kiosk will have sufficient information from you to establish your identity and to verify your request for access, and also to assist us in handling your request.