Wumbagic Studios
Home
Top
Intro
Playing Our Games
Visiting Our Websites
Wumbagic Profile and Playing Socially
Marketing
Advertising
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
Your Rights
Children
General
Contact Us
Privacy and Cookie Policy
::Links::
User Agreement
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Third Party
Intro
Hello! Welcome to the Wumbagic Privacy Policy. This policy describes how Wumbagic and its other group companies (collectively described as "Wumbagic", "we", "us" or "our") and its third party marketing, analytics and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you. This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, whether played on our website wumbagic.com, on mobile devices, PCs, MACs or on other platforms such as Facebook. It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this Privacy Policy we refer to our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our "Services". By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy including consenting to Wumbagic’s and our advertising partners’ use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing and Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or other Services.
Playing Our Games
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games or using our other Services, you consent to the collection of information about you by us. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device, such as device information, country and region, and game play information. We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including for the purposes of optimisation, preventing fraud, customising in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes.
Visiting Our Websites
When you visit our other websites, we collect information about you, such as details about how you use and interact with such Websites. We may use the information we collect about you for a number of purposes, including for operating and optimising the Websites, in connection with our advertising purposes, and for research or analysis. Find out more
Wumbagic Profile and Playing Socially
You can choose to add information to your Wumbagic Profile or to connect our Services to your account with a third party network (such as Facebook). If you do this, then your personal information will be visible to other players and we’ll also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising. Find out more
Marketing
Unless you opt out as explained below, we and our third party partners use information collected about you to send you marketing communications about other Wumbagic games and related Services based on your interests. For example, we may send emails, serve ads within our Services or place ads on third party websites, apps and Internet-connected devices.
Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in this section, you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games. Find out more
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
To provide our games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences. Find out more
Your Rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below. Find out more
Children
You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below, or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us. Find out more
General
Our Privacy Policy contains further details about: who we share your information with and the reasons for sharing it; measures we take to keep your information secure; the legal bases under which we process your data; how long we retain your information and where we store it; when and why we share your information with third parties, including transfers outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”); and changes or updates to our Privacy Policy. Find out more
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then there are several way of contacting us: For customer services, email, information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is wumbagic.com . Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted here: support@wumbagic.com.
Data Processing & Deletion Request
Analytics :: We process anonymized game play data using analytics services by firebase, flurry and unity to get to
    know user experience on our platform.
    We ask you your preferences when you launch the app for the first time and you can change that and ask us to not
    collect this anonymized
    data by going to settings within the game.
Login Data: If you chose to login for multiplayer games or you wrote us a mail, we can use your email id, if
    given for account verification and store absolutely required gameplay data like in app purchases, scores,
    achievements so that your experience could be restored by our server.
We do not sell collected data to any third party. However we might use it to reach out to you for
    announcements.
You have a right to be forgotten. You can request data deletion by sending mail at support@wumbagic.com
    regardless of your location.
    For advertising partners, you can request them by visiting thr websites and they might operate it thr own way based
    on thr applicable law and/or thr policy.
Ads: Our advertsing partners Admob, Audience Network, Unity and IronSrc collect thr own data for ad
    experience. You can request for non personalized ads on settings within the app.
Legal Entity
Wumbagic Studios Private Limited,
	  Signature 360, Katara Hills Road,
	  Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, INDIA - 462043