Select a language:
English
Español (Spanish)
Apps (iOS)
Games (iOS)
Android
Mobile App Privacy Policy
Aida Organizer built this app as a Commercial application. This SERVICE is provided by Aida Organizer and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors about our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. The Personal Information we collect is used to provide and improve the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide certain personal information. The information we request will NOT be retained by us and will only be stored on the device.
The app does NOT use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in the event of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your device, referred to as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app while utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your personal information, and we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. However, please remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these sites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Copyright © 2011-2025. All rights reserved.