Privacy policy for the users of mobile application "hi!tide Venice" for iOS
This document is intended to describe how the management of mobile
      application "hi!tide Venice" with respect to the processing
      of personal data of users that consult it.
The Notice, given pursuant to art. 13 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 -
      Code regarding the protection of personal data - on those who are using
      the application "hi!tide Venice".
This information is provided only for the mobile application mentioned above and not to other websites or mobile
      applications accessed by the user through links.
The application "hi!tide Venice" for iOS is owned and operated
      by Fabio Maran.
Fabio Maran guarantees the observance of the legislation on protection of
      personal data.
The users must read carefully this Privacy Policy before
      submitting any personal information and / or fill in any electronic forms
      on this app.
Type of data and purpose of treatment
1) Navigation data.
The computer systems used to operate "hi!tide Venice" automatically acquire, during their daily operation, some personal data that is transmitted implicitly in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is data that, when processed with data held by third parties, may identify web users. This is for example the IP address and domain names of the computers used by users using the application.
Such Personal Information is collected normally for statistical surveys
      and managed anonymously and used to facilitate navigation of the application.
2) Advertising oriented Data.
The users of the application can
      independently provide their approval to the tracking of theirs habits by third parts services, in order to provide advertising elements suited to their needs. These data us will be
      processed only for purposes related to the services in question, by the services provider, whose privacy policy must be explicitely referred to in the maagagement of the aforementionted data: given that, it is strongly encouraged the visit to the privacy policy page of the adopted ads service,
AppLovin
3) Method of treatment
The treatment is done through automated tools and / or manually for the
      time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data were
      collected, however, in accordance with the legal provisions in force.
4) Optional provision of data
Apart from that specified for navigation data, web users are
      free to provide their personal data. Their absence can only lead to the
      impossibility to obtain what required.
5) Data deletion
Users has the right in any moment to request the deletion of their own data, sending a written email to
AppLovin
. The app owner does not record directly any data from the users.
6) Rights of interested parties
The subjects to whom the personal data refer have the right at any time
      to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of such data and to
      know its content and origin, verify its accuracy or request its
      integration or updating, or correction (art. 7 of Legislative Decree 196
      /03).
7) Changes to Privacy Policy
Over time could be made ​​any changes to this
      Privacy Policy, so it is recommended that the user to
      periodically consult this document.