Policy Updated – 16 October 2014
Your rights in relation to privacy
The Professional Golfers Association of Australia Limited ACN 127 641 829 (PGA) understands the importance of protecting the privacy of an individual’s personal information and is committed to respecting the privacy of PGA members and other individuals who provide their personal information to the PGA. This policy sets out how the PGA aims to protect the privacy of your personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information managed by the PGA and the way the PGA collects, uses and discloses your personal information.
In handling your personal information, the PGA will comply with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) and with the thirteen Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act. This policy may be updated from time to time.
What kinds of personal information does the PGA collect?
Personal information is any information or opinion about an individual whose identity is obvious or may be reasonably ascertained from the information or opinion.
The PGA generally collects the following kinds of information –
personal information including but not limited to; your name, address, telephone number and email address (as provided by you) in order to enhance the services the PGA provides to you;
information in relation to your membership of the PGA including but not limited to; education history through the Trainee and ACE programs, tournament results, interactions with the PGA relating to your employment and any other information gathered through surveys and the Member visitation program; and/or
aggregated statistical data which is information relating to your use of the PGA Website such as traffic flow and demographics.
How does the PGA collect personal information?
PGA generally collects your personal information directly from you when you:
become a PGA member;
as a PGA Member, you contact the PGA through making inquiries directly related to one or more of PGA’s functions or activities such as our services or offers, your own career-related matters, participation in the Member Visitation Program or various member surveys (results will only be published in the aggregate), complete PGA approved training or education, or are required to partake in any disciplinary process under the Membership Regulations.
complete an entry form for a PGA sanctioned event; or
submit an enquiry to the PGA via the PGA website, www.pga.org.au;
complete a PGA form for any reason, whether by paper or online.
By doing any of the above, you will be taken to have consented to the collection of your personal information by the PGA, in accordance with this policy.
There may also be occasions when the PGA collects your personal information from other sources such as from an information service providers or a publicly maintained record.
Cookies, Ad-Servers & Web Beacons
The PGA may also collect statistical information when you access and use the PGA Website, by utilizing a feature of your internet browser called “cookies” which stores small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to the PGA Website. These “cookies” however do not specifically identify you unless you expressly provide to the PGA personally identifiable information. You do not need to have “cookies” turned on to visit the PGA Website. You may also elect not to allow cookies to be collected by selecting certain options on your browser. However, this may slow down or cause
certain web pages subsisting under the PGA Website to be inaccessible to you.
The PGA’S third party service providers, advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the PGA’s website. This also helps us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising.
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may also place web beacons for these third parties. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy policy.
How does the PGA use your personal information?
The PGA collects your personal information for the purpose of promoting the game of golf and providing its services as a professional sports association.
Where applicable, the PGA may use your personal information:
to respond to your enquiry;
to provide information relating to your PGA membership or a PGA sanctioned event;
related to the conduct of a PGA sanctioned event;
to identify and inform you of PGA products, services, events and general promotional material that may be of interest to you;
to fulfill any of the PGA’s legal requirements;
to update your personal information to ensure it is correct and take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that the PGA collects is accurate, up to date and complete; and
to collate industry relevant statistical information that does not personally identify the individual.
You are under no obligation to provide your personal information to the PGA. However, without certain information from you, the PGA will not be able to provide its services to you.
In relation to the statistical information, the PGA collects it for the purposes of:
tracking return visits to the PGA Website;
accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass) and statistical information on website usage;
determining the web pages and features most utilized on the PGA Website; and
displaying online advertisements which may be of interest to you.
If you do not wish to have your personal information used in any manner or purpose specified above, please contact the PGA’s Privacy Compliance Officer privacy@pga.org.au.
The PGA does not sell your personal information to a third party, or make any other use of your personal information for any purpose which is not as a result of, or incidental to the purposes set out in this policy.
Who does the PGA disclose your personal information to?
The PGA discloses your personal information for the purposes specified in this policy. This means, generally, the PGA will only disclose your personal information for a purpose related to the promotion of the game of golf and the provision of its services as a professional sports association. This may include disclosing your personal information to third parties such as; any sponsors or organisations that partner with the PGA; organisations requesting or verifying employment and/or education related information; or are involved in the conduct of a PGA sanctioned event.
These third parties may use your personal information to provide you information regarding their events, products or services relating to the game of golf, which may be of interest to you. These third parties may also reside outside of Australia.
Any disclosure will be on a confidential basis. The PGA must only disclose your sensitive information with your consent or as required by law.
We may disclose your personal information to entities located outside of Australia, for the purpose of providing, for example; online services where relevant, including data hosting and cloud-based IT service providers.
YouTube and YouTube API
The PGA Australia website uses the Youtube video platform to serve videos on the website. You can see the Youtube terms of service here (
youtube.com/t/terms
). This website uses the Youtube API to deliver content to its users. These services fall under the Google Privacy Policy which can be found here (
policies.google.com/privacy
).
We do not use or obtain any of your personal data from Youtube or Google.
Public information
Any information posted in forums and/or communicated in other areas becomes public information. While the PGA strives to protect and respect your privacy, it cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a forum discussion or anywhere else on the PGA Website.
Third party sites
The PGA may establish relationships with business partners that allow users of the PGA Website to link directly to websites operated by these third party partners (Third Party Sites). Some of these Third Party Sites may be “co-branded” with our logo; however, these Third Party Sites may not be operated or maintained by or on the PGA’s behalf. These Third Party Sites may collect personal information from you that may be disclosed to the PGA.
The terms of this policy will apply to any personal information the PGA obtains from these Third Party
Sites.
The PGA is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of the Third Party Sites that are linked to our sites. You may wish to refer to the privacy practices of these third parties. This includes the use of functionality used on the PGA’s website which can aggregate content contributed by you to third-party social-networking websites, including but not limited to; links, comments, photo’s and discussions.
The Third Party Sites are provided for your convenience only. Unless specified otherwise, the links to the Third Party Sites should not be construed as a sponsorship, endorsement or approval by the PGA of the owners or operators of these Third Party Sites or the content on those Third Party Sites.
Security of your personal information
The PGA takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information it holds is protected against misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. The PGA holds personal information in both hard copy and electronic forms, which are stored in secure databases on secure premises, accessible only by authorised staff.
However, the PGA cannot guarantee the security of any personal information transmitted to the PGA
via the Internet.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
Under the Privacy Act, you have a right to access, edit or delete your personal information that is collected and held by the PGA. If at any time, you would like to access, edit or delete your personal information that the PGA holds, or you would like more information on the PGA’s approach to privacy, please contact the PGA’s Privacy Compliance Officer privacy@pga.org.au.
To obtain access to your personal information, you will have to provide the PGA proof of identity. This is necessary to ensure that personal information is provided only to correct individuals and that the privacy of others is protected.
The PGA will take all reasonable steps to provide access to your personal information within 14 days from your request.
If providing you with access requires a detailed retrieval of your personal information, a fee may be charged for the cost of retrieval and supply of information.
Privacy complaints
Please direct all privacy complaints to the PGA’s Privacy Compliance Officer. At all time, privacy complaints will:
be treated seriously;
be dealt with promptly;
be dealt with in a confidential manner; and
not affect your existing obligations or affect the relationship and/or commercial arrangement between you and the PGA.
The PGA’s Privacy Compliance Officer will commence an investigation into your complaint. You will be informed of the outcome of your complaint following completion of the investigation. In the event that you are dissatisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you may refer the complaint to the Federal Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Contact information
For further information or enquiries regarding your personal information, please contact PGA’s
Privacy Compliance Officer privacy@pga.org.au or on +613 8320 1911.
Leaderboard
Schedule
▼
Challenger PGA Tour
of
Australasia
WPGA Tour of Australasia
PGA Legends Tour
adidas PGA Pro-Am Series
MPP Tournaments
PGA Professionals Championship
Qualifying School
News
▼
Latest News
PGA Professionals
PGATV
Education
▼
Education
PGA Membership Pathway Program
PGA Institute
PGA Academy
National Participation Program Deliverer
Find A PGA Pro
▼
Directory
Benefits of hiring a PGA Professional
Recruitment Services
ACE Program
Play
▼
Challenger PGA Tour Of Australasia
Juniors
Where can i play?
The Scramble
All Abilities Coaches
First Tee Australia
Women’s Golf Network
Southern Comfort Twilight Rounds
About
▼
Members
Governance
Partners
Media
Awards
Official PGA App
Contact Us
MyPGA
Media Centre