Documentation
Benefits
Things to know
How to use
Basic configuration
Screen customization
Race preparation
The start
The course
Download on app store
Get it on Google play
Organizer
Benefits
Instructions
Fleet management
Race invitation
Course management
Try now
About
Contacts
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Vacancies
Special thanks
Privacy policy
This privacy statement describes how SailRacer.net system (application and website) collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
LOCATION
Application operates based location information provided by internal or external GPS receiver. This information includes – coordinates, time, speed and heading. We use this information to provide best sailing performance parameters, not to identify you.
While racing location information is logged on internal device storage.
Logged information, with your permission, might be stored in your account on the www.sailracer.net server, shared with your friends on social networks, and shared with other sailors on www.sailracer.net website.
COLLECTION AND USE
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, password, facebook account number
Device Information
We use this information to:
Improve our Application and marketing efforts
Send you a newsletter about new releases and updates
SOCIAL NETWORKING
SailRacer.net is not a social network itself, but with special permission it does connect to Facebook network.
Facebook will be used to share your sailing activities with your friend. The post will include the link to sailracer.net website to preview your sailing track.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active.