FishHawk Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
Data Processing:
When registering on our app, you are asked to enter your email address or provide nescessary permissions for your email address or other information to help better contextualize your experience on the app.
Data Retention:
We store profile/account data like name, username, password, email address, and the content created by you such as posts, photos, and videos (and associated location information), as long as it is necessary for the provision of our services to you. If you wish us to discontinue storing this data, please contact us at support@fishhawk.io. If you decide to stop using FishHawk, you can request that we delete your account.
Account deactivation/deletion:
If you have an account with us and object to our storing of your personal data or you want us to deactivate your account, you can ask us to deactivate it by contacting us at support@fishhawk.io. We may ask you for other information before we are able to deactivate your account. You can delete your account at any time by contacting us at support@fishhawk.io.
Data rectification/deletion:
You have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you rectified or deleted. You can access, edit, add/delete, and/or update most of your basic account information in our app. Should you wish to have any information about you rectified or deleted, please contact us at support@fishhawk.io. Where we delete personal information about you, we may still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, or for technical reasons such as maintaining our database integrity. We may also retain your information in an anonymized form.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
•
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
•
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We have implemented the following:
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
•
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
•
By emailing us
•
By logging in to your account
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
support@fishhawk.io
Last Edited on 2021-10-14