page.php
Refund, Shipping and Privacy Policies
Subscription Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions were last updated as at 1st February 2025
These Terms and Conditions apply to and form part of each order for a subscription placed by you with Green Press Pty Ltd.
Print Magazine Subscriptions
A Print Magazine Subscription is valid for one issue, one year (365 days) or two years (730 days). The subscriber can choose to automatically renew at the end of each subscription term at the current price then in effect.
We will continue to deduct automatic payments for the Green Magazine Subscription using the credit or debit card you provided for the subscription until you cancel or transfer your Green Magazine Subscription or the nominated credit or debit card expires.
You can cancel your Green Magazine Subscription or transfer your Green Magazine Subscription to another recipient at any time.
If your Green Magazine Subscription is transferred to another recipient, you will remain responsible for the payment of the subscription price for the transferred subscription until the recipient agrees in writing with us to assume the liability to pay the subscription price for that subscription and provides us with a credit or debit card for the subscription.
Except where required by Australian Consumer Law, any refund of any subscription price balance for magazines not yet delivered to you for the Green Magazine Subscription from the date of cancellation or transfer until the end of your then current subscription term is at our discretion.
Your magazine will be mailed from Melbourne through a mailing house and delivered by Australia Post. If you believe your magazine is not being delivered, please notify us immediately. If the magazine has been damaged in the post, please advise us to arrange a replacement at no charge.
Digital Only Subscriptions
A Digital Only Subscription is valid for one issue or one year (365 days) and automatically renews at the end of each subscription term at the current price then in effect.
We will continue to make automatic payments for the Digital Only Subscription using the credit or debit card you provided for the subscription until you cancel or transfer your Digital Only Subscription or the nominated credit or debit card expires.
You can cancel your Digital Only Subscription or transfer your Digital Only Subscription to another recipient at any time.
If your Digital Only Subscription is transferred to another recipient, you will remain responsible for the payment of the subscription price for the transferred subscription until the recipient agrees in writing with us to assume the liability to pay the subscription price for that subscription and provides us with a credit or debit card for the subscription.
Except where required by the Australian Consumer Law, any refund of any subscription price balance for digital access not yet delivered to you for the Digital Only Subscription from the date of cancellation or transfer until the end of your then current subscription term is at our discretion.
Your personal information
It is your responsibility to provide correct details, such as your name, address for delivery and billing purposes, your email address, telephone number and credit or debit card details. Please advise us if any of these details change during your subscription term.
The personal information which you provide for your subscription will be held and used in accordance with our published Privacy Policy
Prices and price changes
Prices quoted on the
greenmagazine.com.au
website or any other document we publish are in Australian Dollars (AUD) and are inclusive of GST (where relevant), unless otherwise stated. We may amend our prices from time to time.
Promoted savings for Print Magazine Subscriptions are relative to the current cover price.
Promoted savings for Digital Only Subscriptions are relative to the current Digital Only Subscription prices.
If you have purchased a subscription that automatically renews and the renewal price is higher than your current subscription price, we will notify you prior to the end of your then current subscription term. If, following receipt of the notice of price change, you do not notify us in writing to stop the relevant subscription renewal, you will be taken to have agreed to the price change notified to you and authorised us to automatically charge your credit or debit card for the renewal term at the changed price.
For pay per month and pay per issue subscriptions, we will send you a notice of any increase to the monthly price before that change takes effect. By purchasing a per month or per issue subscription, you agree to the then current per month or per issue subscription price and authorise us to debit your credit or debit card for that amount, with this authority remaining valid until you notify us to cancel your subscription.
Amendment of these subscription terms and conditions
Green Press Pty Ltd reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time, without notice.
Where these terms and conditions are amended, we will send you a notice with a link to the amended terms and conditions.
green magazine’s designbook Privacy Policy
green magazine is published by Green Press and we value our users and recognise their right to keep personal information private. This statement discloses information on collection and dissemination practices by green magazine’s designbook (referred to as designbook).
General Information Disclosure
designbook collects information on our site visitors including which sections of the site are most frequently visited, how often and for how long. This data is always used as aggregated information. designbook uses this information to monitor the most popular areas of the site so we can improve our services, and understand the profile of designbook users in general. designbook may record and share aggregated information with its partners and advertisers.
Information About Users
designbook forms require users to specify contact information. This will not be shared with thirdparties without your explicit consent. IP Addresses designbook uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
Advertisers and Partners
designbook provides links and passes online applications to third party sites. The use of your information by these third party sites is not within the control of green and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of these companies.
Feedback
designbook welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects of the site. designbook captures feedback that users send to us. This feedback will be used to update and improve the service and may be shared with green partners and advertisers in aggregate form.
Privacy Policy and Site Changes
From time to time, designbook may review and update its privacy policy and content on the site. Revised versions of the privacy policy will be updated on the website.
Contact Information If you have any questions about this privacy statement, you can contact via email:
designbook@greenmagazine.com.au
Ph:
(03) 9525 3025
Mail:
PO Box 3237 Ripponlea VIC 3185
All Pages
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Stockists
Terms of Use
Refund, Shipping and Privacy Policies
Suppliers Listing Signup
Digital
Log In
Sign in to create, collate & discover.
Continue with
Facebook
Continue with
Google
OR
Sign in with email
Log in
Lost your password?
Create Account
Create Account
Create your
designbook
for
free
and receive our fortnightly
e-news
.
Continue with
Email
Continue with
Facebook
Continue with
Google
Plan the next home project with your designbook which allows you to search, collate and share from suppliers' products and services, plus green magazine's premium articles.
By registering to designboook you agree to our
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
Already have a designbook? Log In
Email Registration
Sign up below to gain access to green's premium articles.
Name
*
First
Last
Email
*
Password
*
Enter Password
Confirm Password
Show passwords
CAPTCHA
Comments
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
By registering to designboook you agree to our
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
Already have a designbook? Log In
Share my designbook
Allowed to Comment
Ready-only Access
Revoke Access
Cancel
Share
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest architectural and sustainability news and events.
Email address
(Required)
Δ