Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Use (Website)
Disclosure Policy
Cookie Notice
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Accessibility Statement
Modern Slavery Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Human Rights Policy
Transparency in Coverage
EU Digital Services Act
Print page
Sprout Social, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 11, 2024
Sprout Social respects your right to privacy. This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. Our Privacy Policy applies to all users of Sprout Social websites and services, including but not limited to
www.sproutsocial.com
,
app.sproutsocial.com
,
influencer.sproutsocial.com
and
advocacy.sproutsocial.com
(depending on your use, the “
Site
” and/or the “
Service
”). For further information on the terms which govern your use of the respective Service, please see
https://sproutsocial.com/terms
or any service order you may have signed with us.
1. What does Sprout Social do?
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your information, then please contact us using the contact details provided in the “
How to Contact Us
” section of this Privacy Policy. Sprout Social is a provider of software for social media management, employee advocacy, analytics, listening, and influencer marketing headquartered in the U.S. For more information about Sprout Social, please see the “
About Us
” section of our Site at
https://sproutsocial.com/about/
.
2. Information Collected
We collect information about visitors to our Site, our customers and their users of the Service, users of our customers’ social media pages / properties, creators who use the Service, creators who do not use the Service, and job applicants. Such information is collected from the following sources:
Information We Collect Directly from You
: The type of information that we collect directly from you varies based on your interaction with our Site and our Service. For example, we collect information directly from you when you register an account with us, liaise with us on a customer service issue, apply for a job, and complete an application or other forms on the Site and/or Service. We also collect information that you send us via any medium, including, but not limited to email address and phone number. In addition, we collect information about you from your social media interactions on third party social media properties, such as your social media handle, username, profile, postings, and messages you exchange with our customers.
Information We Receive from Customers
: We receive information from customers in order to provide our Service. Such information may include a user’s social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by user), and messages or communications with our customers. We collect information from individuals employed by our customers such as their contact information in order to provide our Service.
Information We Receive from Creators Who Use the Service
: We receive information from creators who use the Service in order to provide our Service. Such information may include their contact information, social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by user), and messages or communications.
Information We Receive About Creators Who Do Not Use the Service
: We receive information about creators who do not use the Service in order to provide our Service. Such information may include their contact information, social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by the creator), and messages or communications. We receive this information from various sources, including our customers, creators who use the Service, third-party data providers and publicly available sources.
3. Information Collected Automatically
When you visit our Site or use our Service, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. This information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), third party webpages accessed via the Service and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Site (including the pages accessed and links clicked) or Service (including content accessed). Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Site or use our Service, where they come from, and what content and functionality is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Site and/or Service to our visitors and users. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
” below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
4. Information from Other Sources
We also collect information from other sources. The following are the categories of sources we collect information from:
Data brokers or resellers from which we purchase data to verify and supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when you engage with our content, reference our Site or Service, or grant us permission to access information from the social networks.
Partners that offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Customers that provide us with information which we process as a service provider.
Creators who use the Service and provide us information through the Service.
5. Do-Not-Track
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this Privacy Policy (e.g., by disabling cookies, or using private browsing modes).
6. Use of Information
Sprout Social processes information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Our business purposes for collecting and using information, including in the last 12 months, include the following:
Operate and improve the Site and Service;
Provide the Service and other products and services that may be requested or could be of interest;
Facilitate subscription processing, reviews and analysis;
Evaluate user interest and needs in order to improve the Service and make available other offers, products or services;
Record calls for quality, training and Service improvement purposes (upon receipt of consent where required by applicable law);
Evaluate the types of offers, products or services we make available;
Monitor use of the Service, including for troubleshooting and product improvement purposes;
Provide customer support;
Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to users through email or other means, such as special offers, announcements, and marketing materials;
Conduct online research surveys regarding the Site and/or Service;
Combine datasets to create aggregated data for internal evaluation and analysis;
Share anonymized or personalized tokens across the Sprout Social, Influencer Marketing and Employee Advocacy platforms in order to provide the Service;
Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, product announcements, security alerts and support and administrative messages, service bulletins, or marketing;
Provide advertisements to you through email messages;
As necessary to consider your job application for open positions, process your employment and education history, transcript, writing samples, and references;
Manage our everyday business needs such as Site and/or Service administration, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations, legal terms and any other contractual agreement relating to our Service or to comply with the law; and
Fulfill any other business or commercial purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see “
Your Data Protection Rights
” below.
7. Categories of Third Parties With Whom We May Share Your Information
We share information we collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The following are the categories of recipients:
to our affiliates, service providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site or Service), or who otherwise process information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or for which we provide you notice when we collect your information. We share information with our affiliates for business and commercial purposes. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
to our customers (including information pertaining to customer end-users as well as internal personnel and creators who may be relevant to their influencer marketing) in order to effectively provide our social media management, social advocacy, social analytics, influencer marketing and social listening services and to manage the customer relationship. For example, we share information with our customers in order to facilitate the processing of their orders, maintain and administer their online accounts, respond to their questions and comments, comply with their requests, help them identify and connect with creators they want to work with, market and advertise to them and otherwise comply with our contractual obligations and with applicable law;
to creators who use the Service (including information pertaining to other creators and customers who may be interested in working with them) in order to effectively provide our, influencer marketing services and to manage their account. For example, we share information with creators who use the Service in order to help them identify and connect with customers they want to work with, maintain and administer their online accounts, respond to their questions and comments, comply with their requests, market and advertise to them and otherwise comply with our terms and with applicable law;
to local information technology resellers in certain countries where permitted by applicable law. We may provide contact information of customers / potential customers to such reseller to market our Service.
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or court order or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to a potential buyer (and its agents, investors, and/or advisors) in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy;
to vendors for business and commercial purposes, including analytics and advertising technology companies. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. For more information on advertising and analytics, see the “
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
” section below;
to any other person with notice to you and your consent to the disclosure;
when you voluntarily enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, we share information as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials;
when you make information public through the Site or Service, such as information in your profile or that you post or comment on public boards, including through Disqus and social media, your information is publicly viewable. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to additional rights set out in the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section below; and
when you request or direct us to share information, such as when you choose to share information with a social network or other third party platform about your activities on the Service, which may require you to accept such third party’s terms of use or privacy policy.
Please note the Service uses third-party services, and if you use these third-party services through the Service, you are subject to the privacy policies of these third-party services (as applicable), including but not limited to:
Third-Party Service
Location
X Privacy Policy
https://x.com/en/privacy
Meta Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Instagram Data Policy
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/privacy-policy
TikTok Privacy Policy
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en
Pinterest Privacy Policy
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
YouTube Privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Reddit Privacy Policy
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
Google Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitch Privacy Notice
https://www.twitch.tv/p/en/legal/privacy-notice/
Notwithstanding the above, we may share information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. When information is de-identified (as defined by the CCPA), we maintain policies and technical procedures to avoid reidentification of such information. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you, please see the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section below. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
8. Data Retention
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it in accordance with our data retention policy, or, in the limited circumstances where this is not possible (for example, because your information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
9. Sensitive personal information
The terms that govern your use of the Service prohibit you from providing Sprout Social with sensitive personal information as that term is defined under applicable law.
10. Legal basis for processing personal data (EEA or UK visitors / users only)
If you are a visitor or user from the European Economic Area or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you.
If we ask you to provide personal data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal data in reliance of our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below.
11. Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
We also use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Service. In addition, we also use audience matching services to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our Service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“
Matched Ads
”). This is done by us uploading a customer list to a technology service or incorporating a pixel from a technology service into our own Service, and the technology service matching common factors between our data and their data. For instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel on our Service and may share your email address with Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences.
Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
.
To opt out of us using your data for Matched Ads, please click the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
” link. You can also set your browser to send a Global Privacy Control signal that communicates to us that you would like to opt-out of Matched Ads. Please note that opting out of Matched Ads does not mean that you will stop seeing ads. You will still see ads related to the Services, but you will stop receiving ads that are personalized to you.
As indicated above, vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
12. Social Media and Technology Integrations
We offer parts of our Service through websites, platforms, and services operated or controlled by separate entities. In addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate entities into parts of our Site and Service. Some examples include:
Links
. Our Site and Service includes links that hyperlink to websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us.
Liking, Sharing, and Logging-In
. We may embed a pixel or SDK on our Site or Service that allows you to “like” or “share” content on, or log-in to your account through social media. If you choose to engage with such integration, we may receive information from the social network that you have authorized to share with us. Please note that the social network may independently collect information about you through the integration.
Brand Pages and Chatbots
. We may offer our content through social media. Any information you provide to us when you engage with our content (such as through our brand page or via our chatbot on the Site or Service) is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, if you publicly reference our Service on social media (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Sprout Social in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our Site or Service.
Please note that when you interact with other entities, including when you leave our Site or Service, those entities may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by those entities remains subject to their own policies, terms, and practices, including what information they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
13. Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Note that if you submit a request to delete your information, this may prohibit you from using the Site and/or Service. If you have authorized us to access your data via the YouTube API Services, then in addition to our normal procedure for deleting stored data, you may revoke our access to your data via the Google security settings page, located at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data, or request portability of your personal data. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Note that if you submit such a request, this may prohibit you from using the Site and/or Service.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Please note that your opt out is limited to the email address, device, and phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Where we process your information solely on behalf of a customer, we may be legally required to forward your request directly to our customer and/or social media business partners for their review / handling. Residents of certain states may have additional rights as set out in Section 23 (“
Additional Disclosures for California, Colorado, and Virginia Residents
”) below.
14. Security & User ID/Password
Our Site and/or Service implements and maintains various reasonable and appropriate administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. These security safeguards include, but are not limited to, network and host security controls (e.g., firewalls, intrusion detection systems, etc.), data encryption (both at rest and during transmission), and operating procedures that are designed to protect your information. You should protect your user ID and password and NOT share it with anyone. Additionally, we recommend enabling two-step verification or SSO integration where available. If you believe your user ID and password have been compromised or you have trouble changing your user ID/password on the Site or Service, please contact our technical support department (
support@sproutsocial.com
). Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
15. CAN-SPAM Compliance Notice (U.S. users only)
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you. You may opt-out of promotional communications by following the unsubscribe or opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you emails about your account or any Service you have requested or received from us.
16. International Transfers
Your information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. For example, if you are a resident of Canada, your personal information may be transferred to the United States for processing. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, our servers are located in the United States, and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that your information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable legal requirements. These include our use of European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses (along with the UK Addendum, where appropriate) and, as applicable, our commitment (and commitments made by third party transferees) to honor the principles set forth in the Data Privacy Frameworks (defined below), to the extent each such Data Privacy Framework is accepted as a lawful mechanism under which personal data can transfer in compliance with applicable laws.
17. Transfers Outside the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland
Sprout Social, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, “
Data Privacy Frameworks
”). Sprout Social has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “
DPF Principles
”).** If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
With respect to any personal information received or transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Data Privacy Frameworks, Sprout Social is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Where Sprout Social, Inc. transfers your personal information to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf, it shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles (unless Sprout Social Inc is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage).
18. Contacting Us, Complaints and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the DPF Principles, Sprout Social, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EEA, UK, and Swiss individuals with privacy inquiries or complaints should first contact us by email at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
. We will work to resolve your issue and will respond within 45 days of receipt. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
Sprout Social has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. Sprout Social commits to cooperate with EEA, UK and Swiss data protection authorities and comply with advice given by such authorities with respect to human resources data transferred from the European Union in the context of any employment relationship with an EEA, UK or Swiss individual.
19. Privacy Complaints in Brazil
In circumstances in which Brazil law is controlling, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information. We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints to an independent dispute resolution mechanism.
20. Children
This Service is intended for a general audience and is not directed at children under thirteen (13) years of age.
Consistent with the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent. Any person who provides their personal information to us through our Site or Service represents that they are at least 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share,” as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, you can ask us to remove any content or information you have posted on the Service. To make a request, email us at the email address set out in the “
How to Contact Us
” section with “California Under 18 Content Removal Request” in the subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
21. Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada law (SB 220), permits customers in Nevada to opt-out of the sale of certain kinds of personal information. A sale under Nevada law is the transfer of this personal information to third parties for monetary consideration. Sprout Social does not sell your personal information to third parties as defined in Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
22. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
23. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
If you have a disability and would like to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
If you have a privacy concern or complaint, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@sproutsocial.com
. When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
24. Additional Disclosures for California, Colorado, and Virginia Residents
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meaning:
“
Targeted advertising
” or “
Cross-context behavioral advertising
” means displaying advertisements to a consumer where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such consumer’s preferences or interests.
“
Sale
” means renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
“
Profiling
” means any form of automated processing of personal information to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person and in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
US data protection laws grant California, Colorado, and Virginia residents the following data rights:
Notice of Collection.
In the 12 months prior to the last update of this Privacy Policy, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, including name, email address, phone number account name, IP address, and an ID or number assigned to your account.
Customer records
, billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information.
Commercial information
, including purchases and engagement with the Service.
Internet activity
, including your interactions with our Service.
Audio or visual data
, including pictures or videos you post on our Service.
Employment and education data
, including information you provide when you apply for a job with us.
Inferences
, including information about your interests, preferences and favorites.
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the
Information Collected
and
Information Collected Automatically
sections. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the
Use of Information
section, including to provide and manage our Service.
Sprout Social does not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. However, to the extent “sale” or “sharing” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in the
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
section as a “sale” or “sharing,” we will comply with applicable law as to such activity.
Sprout Social discloses the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation data and inferences. We may disclose each of the foregoing categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in this Privacy Policy to the extent permitted by applicable law to the categories of third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, which may include our service providers and suppliers; our business and marketing partners, including advertising networks, data analytics providers, data brokers, and social networks; and other parties in connection with business transfers and for legal, safety, fraud prevention, and enforcement reasons. We use and partner with different types of entities to assist with our daily operations and manage our Service.
We may share your personal information with government entities when required to do so by law. Please review the
To Whom We Share Your Information
section for more detail about the parties we have shared information with.
We retain the personal information we collect for as long as it is necessary to complete the commercial purposes for which it was collected. Once the information is no longer necessary, we will delete it or de-identify/anonymize this data so that it no longer identifies a particular individual.
Right to Know and Delete.
Consumers who are California, Colorado, or Virginia residents have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected about them (subject to certain exemptions) and the right to know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. Specifically, you have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
To exercise any of these rights, please email us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
, submit a request through our online form available on our Help Center if you are a customer or user, or call our toll free number at (866) 878-3231. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require additional information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. The verification steps may vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.
We may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate your requests. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, for purposes of these requests under this Section, personal information does not include information we have collected as a service provider to our customers.
If personal information about you has been processed by us as a service provider on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that customer.
Right to Correct.
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we have collected about you. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will review your request, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information to see if we can correct the data. We may also request additional information showing that the information you want to correct is inaccurate.
Right to Opt-Out.
You have the right to opt-out of processing of your Personal Information for the purpose of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information, or (iii) profiling to provide you with tailored content, including suggested advertising. You may submit a request to opt-out by clicking
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
. You may also submit a request to opt-out by calling our toll-free number at (866) 878-3231 or by emailing us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
Authorized Agent.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights.
25. California Shine the Light.
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. In particular, the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Sprout Social pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via email at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
26. Virginia and Colorado Residents
If you make a request to exercise any of the above data access rights and we are unable to comply with your request, you may request to appeal our decision. To appeal any data privacy request decision, please contact us by emailing privacy@sproutsocial.com with the subject line “Data Access Request Appeal.” If after you complete the appeal process with us, you are still not satisfied with our response, you may contact your Attorney General to file a complaint. Below are the contact information for the appropriate entity where you can inquire about filing an appeal:
Virginia residents:
Office of the Attorney General
202 North 9th Street
Richmond, Virginia 23219
Phone: (804) 786-2071
https://www.oag.state.va.us/
Colorado residents:
Office of the Attorney General
Colorado Department of Law
Ralph L. Carr Judicial Building
1300 Broadway, 10th Floor
Denver, CO 80203
(720) 508-6000
https://coag.gov/