Brush DJ (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy, together with our terms and conditions of use, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act) and the 2018 General Data Protection Regulation, the data controller is Ben Underwood.
Information we collect about you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide when filling in our contact form on the app or website
www.brushdj.com
If you contact us, we will respond if required and then delete your contact details.
Where we store personal data
If you contact us your email will be stored securely until it has been read and responded to, if this is require. After this it will be deleted. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for your computer.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data .
Our website site and app may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be sent via the contact form on
www.brushdj.com
.