System
Last Updated: 04 May 2023
For privacy, security and confidentiality reasons, iDoceo is designed and developed as an
offline app
.
All data is
stored locally
in the user's iPhone/iPad/Mac and nowhere else unless you manually enable the synchronization or use the backup features.
By default, there are no cloud, external servers or websites with your data.
No one else has access to the information stored in iDoceo and no data is transferred anywhere without the user´s explicit request (i.e. sending a report, an e-mail, enabling device synchronization or backups).
This also means that iDoceo, by default, won´t sync with other devices, like a Mac, iPhone, the web or any other iPad unless you enable the device synchronization option under
Settings
>
Cloud links.
iDoceo's data in your device is not included in Apple's automatic cloud or iTunes backups.
We value your privacy above all. We do not ask for, keep or collect any user credentials or any other kind of data.
iDoceo Studios Ltd.
125 St. James Road
Southampton, SO15 5QF
United Kingdom
If you have any queries or questions that are not explained in this document you should contact us by e-mail:
privacy@idoceo.net
Our company does not have access to, manages, stores or uses any of the data introduced in the iDoceo app.
We do not have access to, manage, handle or keep any of the data inserted in the iDoceo application. Additionally, our company does not establish any kind of data transfer with third parties.
Those established between student/legal guardian and their teacher or educational school/educational institution.
Data is located and stored locally in the user's iPhone, iPad or Mac. The conservation period is only determined by him and/or his school/college/IT department.
In addition to the operating system's login credentials, iDoceo has:
1.
Its own screen lock PIN or fingerprint/face ID (biometric credentials managed by iOS/Apple). Can be enabled under Main Menu > Settings > Screen lock.
2.
Encrypted database.
3.
Automatic data encryption at rest on the iPad/iPhone via iOS.
4.
iOS sandboxing. No other app installed in the iPad has access to iDoceo's data.
The app does not access any sensor or personal data stored in the iPad, Mac or iPhone without the explicit consent of the user.
Any possible data access is completely optional and is not required for the proper operation of the iDoceo app.
The
optional
accesses are the following:
1.
iDoceo app has no access to your
contacts
nor will it ask for it.
2.
The access of the iDoceo app to the
images stored on the device
requires the user's consent and is limited to options related to 'Adding images from camera roll'
iDoceo app access to the device's
camera
requires user consent and is limited to the
'Add photo'
options.
3.
iDoceo app access to
calendar events
requires user consent and is limited to
diary and planner options
4.
The access of the iDoceo app to the
microphone
of the device requires the consent of the user and is limited to the option
'Record audio'
You can review the activation of these accesses at any time in:
-
For iPad in
iPad Settings > iDoceo
or in
iPad Settings> Privacy
-
For Mac in
Mac System preferences > Privacy
-
For iPhone in
iPhone Settings > iDoceo
or in
iPhone Settings> Privacy
By default, all cloud links in iDoceo
are disabled
Enabling any of the Cloud link options related to Google implies that you are agreeing to their tems of service.
Each option can be enabled/disabled individually and includes a detailed explanation on their tems of service.
Optional services that the user may manually enable via Cloud Links and are not required for iDoceo to work.
YouTube API Services
This is only to allow adding YouTube video links with our own streamlined browser inside iDoceo
Youtube Terms Of Service
Google Classroom
This will let you upload resources in Google Classroom (if enabled) and store backups in Google Drive
Google Classroom Terms Of Service
Google Drive
This is only required if you plan on storing backups in your Google Drive account or uploading resources and rubrics to Google Classroom
Google Drive Terms Of Service
Google's privacy policy can be found here
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Backups of iDoceo are
optional
and are only
manually activated
by the user. They are not required for the proper functioning of the application.
If they are deemed necessary, we recommend using the school/college/district's servers with the Backup option in WebDAV and thus avoid storing it in a third party cloud provider.
Backups are encrypted.
As part of the registration in iDoceo's
Forum
, the e-mail address of the user will necessarily be stored in the system and linked to the
self-chosen username.
The provision of real names and other personal data is not required and is done on a voluntary basis by the user.
For the handling of support requests we collect a username which is associated with his or her e-mail address.
The information we collect is stored on the server in a database using secure standards and only used for communication within the system, as well as for support requests to contact the user if required.
The data will not be disclosed to third parties.
iDoceo stores cookies on the visitor’s computer to allow them to keep their session while using the forum. Thus, the data for the visitor counting and automatic login to iDoceo's Forum is used.
If you don’t wish to allow this, please disable cookies in your browser.
Our website uses plugins from the YouTube website. The operator of the pages is:
YouTube LLC
901 Cherry Ave.
San Bruno, CA 94066
USA
As soon as you start a YouTube video on our website, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited.
If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
Furthermore, YouTube can save various cookies on your device after starting a video. With the help of these cookies, YouTube can receive information about visitors to our website. This information is used, among other things, to collect video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent attempted fraud. The cookies remain on your device until you delete them. If necessary, further data processing operations can be triggered after the start of a YouTube video, over which we have no influence.
YouTube is used in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You can find more information about data protection at YouTube in their data protection declaration at: https://policies.google.com/privacy .
Previous article: Preparing for a new academic year
Prev
Next article: Screen lock/Password protection
Next