You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Sign Up for Free
Log In
Free Issue
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the digital reading platform provided by Kono. Kono is operated by Kono Digital, Inc.(hereinafter called "Kono"). Kono takes the privacy of its members seriously and protectively in order to support the protection of personal information and to maintain online user privacy.The following terms and conditions specifically apply to service users and consumers of this platform. "Kono Digital Inc."hereby do formally disclose our privacy policy clearly and transparently in order to help you understand how Kono acquires, uses and further protects your personal information.If you have any questions or comments after reading this statement, please contact customer service.
Applicable Scope of Privacy
The scope of this statement includes all Kono users and personal information used during sign up process. The scope is also applicable to personal information used by Kono partners and other collaborating third parties.Non-Kono members and employed management staff are not applicable.
Acquisition and Use of Personal Data
Kono does not voluntarily request users to provide any personal data. In addition, Kono is in compliance with the rights and obligations stipulated in relevant laws and regulations such as the "Personal Data Protection Act on Computers". You do not need to provide personal information to browse information on Kono platform. We will collect Information that you provide to us such as your email address, located regions/ countries at the time of creating an account, for the purpose of customer relationship management, contract services, data analytics and marketing promotion. Kono will record your login time and location, as well as data browsed or purchased by you. This is intended to simplify your checkout process, as well as using these information for traffic and online behavior analysis in order to further improve and modify various Kono features and processes, providing you with a more comprehensive service.Kono will use personal data specifically for the following purposes:
1. We will collect your email address, and basic user profile information from the 3rd parties, including facebook and wechat. When using Kono services as a member, information such as member account name and other related information will be displayed on the page.
2. We will use personal information to contact you with notices from Kono, promotional messages, as well as other dynamic contents we believe to be of interest to you.You may cancel any Kono services , suspend or delete your account should you decide to stop receiving these messages.
3. User ID.Kono creates a unique identification number ("User ID") for you when you launch Kono's application.If you agree to create a Kono account, all services provided by Kono will be initiated with your user ID.We will store your user ID, which allows you to use social media features on Kono with other users with user ID. Kono will also perform identity verification for each user and make aware of our servicesYou agree and understand Kono may recover or delete your account information based on administration needs when you are logged in with your user ID for various Kono services. We will collect information related to the device, browser and the app that you are using (ad identifier for identifying the device/browser, Cookie ID and device type, OS, language/time zone setting, browser type, app version, etc.), and network information (telecommunications carrier’s name, IP address, etc.). We may also associate the collected ad identifier with the Internal Identifier. In addition, we will collect information related to when and how you used our Services. The collected information includes the status of use of various features such as the date and time that you activated our individual apps, length of time that you used our individual services, results of searches conducted in the apps, services that were purchased, and contents that were viewed or browsed. We will use the information to provide provision and maintenance of services such as transfer your account to your new device or fix bugs in the app. Furthermore, to provide better services, products and contents, these information will be used in creating statistics and models of Kono, improving UI/UX design and developing new services and contents.
4. Device ID.Kono allows reader access to Kono service and synchronize their reading experience on their own multimedia devices. To this end, Kono will collect and store a unique device specific ID from your device ("device ID")We use your device ID to track unique users using our services to enable you to interact and use devices interchangeably. Kono will also perform identity verification for each user and make aware of our services.You agree and understand Kono may recover or delete your account information based on administration needs using your device ID when you are using device ID for various Kono services.
5. Inquiry replyKono will answer any questions you may have about Kono services through direct e-mail, postal mail, or phone, etc.
6. Publicity and marketing.Kono will distribute service-related marketing and promotional information by e-mail, SMS, etc.All contents and advertisements browsed by members are analyzed along with other data such as personal preferences, subscription history, and Kono platform browsing history to deliver more accurate marketing and promotional messages.Kono may also conduct, through e-mail or SMS, market surveys and service surveys to use as basis for service improvements and upgrades.
Data Security
To protect the privacy and security of its members, Kono member account information are password protected.Kono will ensure, to the best of its ability the safety of each member's personal information with the latest security technology and procedures.Your confidential information is immediately protected by the server with 128-bit encrypted Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when you checkout or make a payment from within the Kono platform.Once the subscription purchase is complete, the amount will be deducted from your account by the system and the verification serial number can no longer be used to authorize additional transactions or amount.Kono will verify credit card authentication message and ensure that all confirmed credit card verifications will only be able to make a one-time authorization on the transaction and amount you have authorized.
Personal Information Changes
Any registered Kono user can change their membership information and password at any time by using edit member info feature provided by Kono. If you would like to exercise the right to delete your personal data and account, please contact us via support@thekono.com . Kono will immediately take action on deleting your information according to Applicable Laws and internal rules after retaining such information.
Shared Personal Information Statement
Kono carefully selects our third-party partners based on protecting the privacy interests of our users. Unless authorized, or based on goodwill, service, or otherwise required by law, Kono guarantees your privacy and does not arbitrarily sell, exchange, or lease any personal information to third parties.
Under special circumstances, when you are in violation of Kono terms of service, privacy policy, or when you are in violation of the law, damaging or obstructing Kono's rights or rights of other users, or, when aforementioned actions may cause damage to others, Kono believe by revealing such data may be necessary to identify, contact, or take legal action against the user, Kono will take the necessary steps to reveal the user data in order to proceed with legal actions.
In addition, should law enforcement require Kono disclose certain individual information due to public safety concerns, Kono will cooperate fully to the extend in accordance with legal and formal procedures of the regional laws.
International Transferability
Kono's service coverage is global. Your information and data may be transferred due to local services. Kono guarantees that your personal information and data are protected under the local privacy laws and our privacy policy.If your region has no adequate privacy protection laws, you agree Kono to use its privacy policy as the basis to your personal privacy protection.
Use of Cookies
Cookies allow web servers to identify user information.Generally when a webpage is being loaded, web servers could not identify information such as whether the user has visited this site before, or the number of visits to any particular site. Hence, web servers writes a short amount of data to the user's local hard drive called cookies. Browsers transmit the cookie data to web servers before the webpage is loaded so that servers can identify users and based on this provide different customized actions or information tailored to the user's preference or visit history.Kono collects, reads, and writes cookies for the following scenarios:
1. To provide better, more personalized service, and to facilitate your participation in personalized interactive events.
2. To gather and analyze different browsing habits to better understand the overall state of the service so Kono may use as a basis for improvement.
If you choose to reject the use of cookies, you may not be able to use some of the personalized services or participate in some of the events. You can modify the cookies setting in your browser to accept all cookies, set notification for cookies, or reject all cookies.
Children's Privacy Protection
Kono does not share personal information of members under the age of thirteen with third parties, and does not sell or lease personal information of those members. Kono also does not directly focus on advertising to those under the age of thirteen.In the event that Kono becomes aware of children under the age of thirteen providing personal information without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, Kono will delete such information provided.
Others
If you have any questions about Kono's privacy policy or if you believe your rights have been violated, we welcome your comments or concerns. Please contact us at support@thekono.com and we will try our best to respond promptly and improve upon your suggestions to provide you with better service.
Kono's website use cookies to provide better contents and reading experience, we will not violate your privacy or damage your computer. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to accept our use of cookies. To know more about cookies, please refer to our
Privacy Policy
and
Service Terms
.
Got it
About Us
Our Team
Join Us
News
Contact Us
Services
Kono Magazine
Kono Summit
Kono Subscription Service
Kono Libraries
Konoパートナーズ
Membership
Subscribe
Redeem Code
FAQ
Kono bot
Magazines
Chinese
Japanese
Worldwide
Free Issue
Social Media
Facebook
Instagram
Blog
Podcast
Legal
Service Terms
Privacy
Copyright © 2011-2025, Kono Digital Inc. All Rights Reserved.
English
繁體中文
简体中文
English
日本語