Home
5
Privacy Policy
Saucon Technologies
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personally identifiable information (“PII”) is being used online. PII, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
–
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on this site.
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
Protecting the privacy of children is important to us. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under age 13. Further, no part of our website is designed to attract anyone under age 13 to provide information to us.
We reserve the right to change, modify, or update this privacy policy at any time without notice.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us by email at
tdsinfo@saucontech.com
, or by post to:
Saucon Technologies, Inc.
2455 Baglyos Circle
Bethlehem, PA 18020
This Privacy Policy was last reviewed on: Wednesday, November 6th, 2024