Home
» About Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy applies to all games of Duello iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (Duello Games) as well as any and all related web sites.
When you sign up or participate in any other communication, you may grant access to certain information such as your email address, your name, a unique user name, or other information you share, either directly or by granting access to your user account on social network such as Facebook or Google+. This and any other Personally Identifiable Information you provide, directly or indirectly, is collectively referred to as your “Information,” and is used to facilitate and enhance your player experience.
Only qualified staff and our trusted operational partners, who help Duello Games to deliver and service our games, including displaying ads, have access to your Information. Duello Games WILL NOT share your Information with anyone else or any other organisation. Your Information WILL NEVER be sold or distributed in any form or for any other purpose unless approved by you.
Duello Games may use your Information for communications that we deem appropriate for you, as a Player, to play effectively and to enhance and enrich your experience in our games or related web sites. For example, you may receive messages to inform you about your actions in our games or those of your friends, as well as important “Service Announcements” concerning any temporary site or system outages, plus any maintenance issues that may affect the level of service.
In addition, Duello Games may also offer you the opportunity to “opt in” to receive additional email communications, including Duello Games News Releases related to all the latest-breaking news, the launch of new Duello Games games, and announcements of all new Duello Games options and features.
Duello Games web sites may use cookies to track how and when customers visit the site. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make web surfing easier by saving your passwords and other preferences for you. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you will find most major web sites use them. Cookies also help us to see which areas of the site are popular and which are not. We can then improve the site based on this information.
Duello Games web sites may contain links to other sites; Duello Games is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Duello Games will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “Last Update” date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Right to data deletion
You can request us to delete the personal data we have collected on you by contacting us at support@duello.com.
We fully recognize you right to deletion, however, we would like to note that in some cases we are obliged to keep your personal data for certain period of time. For instance, if we need to provide services to you, detect or resolve issues security or functionality-related issues, comply with the law, conduct research in the public interest, safeguard the right to free speech or carry out any actions for internal purposes that you might reasonably expect. If we do not have obligations to perform any of the above actions, we can delete your personal information at your request.
You can submit all your claims and questions with respect to such rights to support@duello.com
Your requests will be answered as soon as possible and within thirty days at the latest.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at support@duello.com
Last Update: November 02, 2021
2013 © Duello Games. All Rights Reserved
twitter.com/duellogames
facebook.com/duellogames