APPLY FOR MEMBERSHIP
MY MEMBERSHIP
LOGIN
LOGOUT
Home
-
Privacy Policy
THE BRITISH TOY AND HOBBY ASSOCIATION PRIVACY POLICY
British Toy and Hobby Association (
“Company”
,
“we”
or
“us”
) based at BTHA House, 142 – 144 Long Lane, London, SE1 4BS is the data controller for the purposes of data protection and privacy laws and is therefore responsible for personal information collected and processed as described in this privacy policy. We take our data protection and privacy responsibilities seriously so we have tried to make this policy easy to navigate. Use the links below to find out more about how we handle your personal information.
This privacy policy sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect about you will be used and processed by us in the course of our business activities, including:
How we share personal information within BTHA, with our service providers, regulators, other third parties and outside the EEA
Explaining more about direct marketing
How we protect and store personal information
Legal rights available to help manage your privacy
How you can contact us for more support
Updates
We will amend this privacy policy from time to time to keep it up to date with legal requirements and the way we operate our business and will place any updates on our websites. This privacy policy was last updated on 25 May 2018 Please regularly check these pages for the latest version of this policy. If we make fundamental changes to this privacy policy, we will seek to inform you by notice on our website or by email.
Third Party Websites
You will find links to third party websites (e.g. social media pages such as LinkedIn, Twitter and  YouTube) on our websites. Please note that this privacy policy only applies to personal information collected from our website pages. Where you access a third party website, this privacy policy does not apply to that website. Please refer to the privacy policies of these websites and ensure you are happy with their practices in relation to your personal information before you provide your personal information to the third-party site.
What personal information we collect and when and why we use it
In this section you can find out more about
·
when we collect personal information
·
the types of personal information we collect
·
how we use personal information
·
the legal basis for using personal information
When we collect information
We collect information about you if you:
register with or use one of the websites or BTHA applications set out below:
– our main website (btha.co.uk);
– our Toy Fair website (toyfair.co.uk);
– our Make Time 2 Play website (maketime2play.co.uk);
– our Make Time 2 Play mobile application; or
– our Toy Trust website
(together “
BTHA website users
“)
are registered as a BTHA Member
are a Toy Fair Exhibitor
are a Toy Fair Visitor
are a BTHA supplier, partner or engage with us through other offline methods e.g. as a politician, a journalist or a member of the public.
are a charity applying to The Toy Trust
(collectively
“you”
).
Personal information we collect and use if you are a registered BTHA Member
To become a BTHA Member, you would need to register with us either as an individual or on behalf of your organisation. We will collect certain information about you to complete our membership process. This information will include your name, contact details along with optional contact details for officers within your organisation e.g. your health and safety officer. You will be assigned a username and password for secure access to the members’ area of our websites, which is your personal information and you can later change this information if you wish.
Please note that we collect personal information about you where this is provided by your employer. For example, where a company provides us with information about its health and safety officer. We will collect the name and contact details of the health and safety officer.
Where you are registering with us as a partnership or a sole trader, some of the information you provide on behalf of your company may also qualify as personal information i.e. if the company information can also identify you as an individual. We will process such information in accordance with data protection laws and this privacy policy.
We use the BTHA Members’ personal information to enter into an agreement with you (i.e. the membership terms and conditions), manage our business relationship with you, to organise and arrange events, and to provide you with our membership service. For instance, we will send you relevant information, including newsflashes regarding topics we think will be of interest to you or where appropriate, to the relevant officer within your organisation.
Personal information we collect and use if you are a Toy Fair Exhibitor
Where you apply to exhibit your products at a Toy Fair exhibition, we will collect personal information relating to you as an individual, if you are an individual exhibitor. If you are applying on behalf of a company, we will collect personal information about you and your company. Such information will include:
your name;
your company name
if you are a BTHA Member or not;
your contact information, such as your email address, telephone number, job title;
invoicing contact information, where this is different from your normal contact information;
other payment information;
Please note that we collect personal information about you where this is provided by your employer. For example, where a company provides us information about its health and safety officer. We will collect the name and contact details of the health and safety officer.
We require this information in order to enter into an agreement with you (i.e. the exhibition terms and conditions) and provide you with services relevant to Toy Fair Exhibition. For example, we need to put you in contact with our service providers who provide you with your stand option, we would need to liaise with your designated health and safety officer and/or other members within your organisation who will be managing your company’s presence at the exhibition.
Please note that we will share your personal information with our core service provider, Global Experience Specialist (GES) Ltd who provide essential services for the Toy Fair Exhibition. GES is a company registered in England and Wales, (company number 02930892), whose registered office is at Silverstone Drive, Gallagher Business Park, Coventry, CV6 6PA.
GES provides our stand packages and may also market separate GES services to you. In carrying out non-exhibit related marketing activities, GES will be a data controller. We would therefore encourage you to review GES’s privacy policy in relation to its handling of your personal information.
We will also provide your information to the following entities who also provide essential services for the exhibition.:
Abraxys Ltd – exhibitor data
DSV Logistics – exhibitor data
GES Ltd – exhibitor data
Reference Technology Ltd – exhibitor and visitor data
Retail PR – exhibitor and visitor (media) data
We will inform you before providing your personal information to these entities, thereby giving you an opportunity to choose which services you require and which services providers to share your personal information with.
Personal information we collect and use if you are a Toy Fair Visitor
By registering as a visitor for a Toy Fair exhibition, we will collect personal information such as your name, job title, company name, physical mailing address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers. We will use these details to send you information, (mostly by email) regarding arrangements for the Toy Fair exhibition and other Toy Fair related issues. Where you have indicated that we contact you with such information, we will use these details to tell you about BTHA information, events, related services and toy industry information.
If you provide us with personal information about another individual, e.g. a colleague or associate’s details, we expect you to ensure that they know you are doing so and are happy with their information being provided to BTHA. The information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy so please encourage them to read this policy to find out more about what we do with their personal information.
Personal information we collect and use if you are a charity completing a fundraising application to the The Toy Trust
Where you apply for funding to The Toy Trust we will collect personal information relating to you as an individual. If you are applying on behalf of a charity, we will collect personal information about you and your charity. Such information will include:
your name;
your charity name
your contact information, such as your email address, telephone number, job title;
We require this information in order to enter into a working relationship with funding applicants in order for us to fulfil our obligations as a trust to provide charitable funding.
Personal information we collect and use if you are a BTHA website user
Our websites use cookies
When you use our websites, certain limited information, such as your browser type, your device type (e.g. iPhone or Android etc.), your IP address, your search requests, will be collected automatically using cookies and other technologies. A cookie is a small text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to / stored on your computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit a website.
Cookies will sometimes collect personal information about you. Cookies help us remember information about your visit to our websites, like your country, language and other settings. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which webpages, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our websites. We use the information collected by cookies to improve your browsing experience as well as how our websites operate. For example, we will retain and evaluate information on your visits to our websites and how you navigate the different sections of our websites for analytics purposes. This helps us understand how our websites are used so we can make them more intuitive. We will normally do this by using anonymised or aggregated datasets. For more information about how our cookies work and how to manage your cookie settings please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Please note that our Make Time 2 Play app is a parent-only app that provides play ideas for children. It only collects information about the type of device you use to access the app. It does not use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect any other personal information. You will know where our website or app uses cookies or tracking technologies as we will always display a cookie banner on the website or the app.
Information you provide on our websites
We also collect personal information which you complete an online form on our websites or where you create your BTHA Members account, such as your name, your address, phone number, your preferences, your username and password etc. You would typically provide this information when you create an account on our websites. We will use the information you provide to create your BTHA Members account or to register you as a Toy Fair Exhibitor or Toy Fair Visitor and to enable the websites remember your details whenever you visit the websites, so you do not have to always re-enter the information.
Social media competitions
From time to time, we will organise competitions on our social media pages (including, but not limited to LinkedIn, Twitter  and Youtube). We use the personal information you provide, such as your name, email address and postal address, to organise these competitions and for the purpose of administering the prizes to the competition winners.
Personal information we collect and use if you are a BTHA supplier, partner or engage with us through other offline methods e.g. as a politician, a journalist or a member of the public
If you are a BTHA supplier or business partner, we collect and store your name, contact details and job title in order to manage our business relationship with you.
As part of our communications and public affairs activities, we liaise with Members of Parliament, regulators, trading standard authorities, academic and journalists. Where we liaise with you in such capacity, we will retain your personal information, such as your name and contact details, in order to manage the relationship with you, obtain advice from you as well as share opinions.
Your personal information will only be used for the purpose stated above and will be processed in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information you provide when you contact us
We collect personal information when you contact us online, by phone or by post in relation to a query or a complaint. This information will include your name, phone number, any personal information in or relevant to the resolution of your enquiry or complaint.
We will use your personal information to answer your queries, handle your complaints and fulfil any requests you make to us.
Legal basis for using your personal information
We will only collect, use and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This will be based on at least one of the following conditions:
we need to use your personal information to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you. For example, to take payment for the services we provide you as an Exhibitor, in relation to a Toy Fair Exhibition. Some of the information we collect in relation to your Toy Fair application is mandatory (indicated by *), without which, we will be unable to provide you with the service; and/or
we need to use your personal information for our legitimate interest as a commercial organisation. For example, we will evaluate information on your visits to our websites for analytical purposes to understand how people use our websites, so we can improve them. In all such cases, we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in the Legal Rights section below; and/or
we need to use your personal information to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have. For example, we are required to retain some personal information in order to fulfil our tax obligations.
If you would like to find out more about the legal basis for which we process personal information please
C
ontact Us
Sharing personal information with others
We share your personal information in the manner and for the purposes described below:
your personal information will be held on our computers in the UK and will be accessed by our staff as necessary to provide you with our services and to manage our business;
we will share your personal information with third parties who help manage our business and deliver services. These third parties have agreed to confidentiality restrictions and to use any personal information we share with them or which they collect on our behalf solely for the purpose of providing the contracted service to us. These include:
IT service providers who help manage our IT and back office systems or provide us services in relation to our websites or our applications;
organisation who help with organising or running our events, for example, as previously mentioned, we will transfer the personal information of Toy Fair Exhibitors to Global Experience Specialist (GES) Ltd who provide essential services for the Exhibit; and at your choice, to Abraxys Ltd who provide [
include service type
]; Reference Technology Ltd who provide [
include service type
]; and Bastion Ltd who provide [
include service type
].
with government organisations and agencies, law enforcement, regulators, which includes the Information Commissioner’s Office, to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies. Where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we will carefully validate these requests before any personal information is disclosed;
we share in aggregate, statistical form, non‑personal information regarding the visitors to our websites, traffic patterns, and website usage with our partners, affiliates or service providers; and
if, in the future, we sell or transfer some or all of our business or assets to a third party, we will disclose information to a potential or actual third party purchaser of our business or assets.
Transfers outside the EEA
We do not routinely transfer your information outside the European Economic Area, but where we do so, we will ensure that the information receives the same level of protection by obtaining contractual commitments from our service providers to protect your personal information, such as the EU Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses. Some of these assurances are well recognised certification schemes like the EU – US Privacy Shield for the protection of personal information transferred from within the EU to the United States.
You have a right to
contact us
for more information about the safeguards we have put in place (including a copy of relevant contractual commitments) to ensure the adequate protection of your personal information when this is transferred as mentioned above.
How we use personal information to keep you up to date with our products and services
We use personal information to let you know about our events and services that we believe will be of interest to you. We will contact you by email or through other communication channels that we think you may find helpful. In all cases, we will respect your preferences for how you would like us to manage marketing activity with you.
How you can manage your marketing preferences
To protect privacy rights and to ensure you have control over how we manage marketing with you:
we will take steps to limit direct marketing to a reasonable and proportionate level;
only send you communications which we believe will be of interest or relevance to you and at all times in line with your permissions;
at any time you can update or correct your personal profile either as a BTHA Member or a Toy Fair Exhibitor, or change your preferences for the way in which you would like us to communicate with you, including how you receive details of latest news updates from us. Please note that you will not be able to opt out of updates which are essential to the service we provide e.g. industry related information we provide to BTHA Members or service related information provide to Toy Fair Exhibitors as this is not marketing information. However, where you cease to be a BTHA Member or Toy Fair Exhibitor, we will cease further communication with you upon your request;
if you have an online account with us, the easiest way to make updates to your marketing preferences and/or change your personal details is to log onto your account. You can also click the “unsubscribe” link that you find on any online newsletters you receive [or]
contact our customer support team
;
you can ask us to stop direct marketing at any time ‑ you can ask us to stop sending email marketing, by following the “unsubscribe” link you will find on all the email marketing messages we send you. Alternatively you can
contact our customer support team
; and
you can change the way your browser manages cookies, by following the settings on your browser as explained in our Cookie Policy.
We recommend you routinely review the privacy notices and preference settings that are available to you on any social media platforms as well as your preferences within your account with us.
Security
We have implemented and maintain appropriate technical and organisational security measures, policies and procedures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorised disclosure or access to such information appropriate to the nature of the information concerned.
Measures we take include:
placing confidentiality requirements on BTHA staff and service providers;
destroying or permanently anonymising personal information if it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected;
following strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal information to prevent unauthorised access to it; and
using secure communication transmission software (known as “secure sockets layer” or “SSL”) that encrypts all information you input on our website before it is sent to us. SSL is an industry standard encryption protocol and this ensure that the information is reasonably protected against unauthorised interception.
As the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect user IDs and passwords, please take appropriate measures to protect this information.
Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children. Our website is targeted at adults, and on-line registration is restricted to adults who are professionally engaged in the businesses we serve. The exception to this rule occurs when details are taken about children who are involved directly with the press and demonstrations at Toy Fair. On these occasions the details are taken to ensure the BTHA knows which children are working onsite at the Toy Fair. These details are deleted following the Toy Fair, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
If you are under 18, you may not use our websites, our services, or provide any information to our websites without involvement of a parent or a guardian. We do not knowingly collect information from, and/or about children without the involvement of a parent or a guardian.
Storing your personal information
We will store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this privacy policy. Where your information is no longer needed, we will ensure that it is disposed of in a secure manner. In some circumstances we store your personal information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting  requirements.
In specific circumstances we store your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your personal information or dealings.
Please
contact us
if you have any questions regarding how long we store your personal information.
Legal rights available to help manage your privacy
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information. to learn more about each right you have:
To access personal information
To rectify / erase personal information
To restrict the processing of your personal information
To transfer your personal information
To object to the processing of personal information
To object to how we use your personal information for direct marketing purposes
To obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction
To lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority
If you wish to access any of the above mentioned rights, we may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, in particular before disclosing personal information to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
You can exercise your rights by
contacting us
. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations
,
we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.
We will not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
Right to access personal information
You have a right to request that  we provide you with a copy of your personal information that we hold and you have the right to be informed of; (a) the source of your personal information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c) the data controller’s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your personal information  may be transferred.
Right to rectify or erase personal information
You have a right to request that we rectify inaccurate personal information. We will seek to verify the accuracy of the personal information before rectifying it.
You can also request that we erase your personal information in limited circumstances where:
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected; or
you have withdrawn your consent (where the data processing was based on consent); or
following a successful right to object (see
right to object
); or
it has been processed unlawfully; or
your personal information must be erased to comply with a legal obligation to which BTHA is subject.
We are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary:
for compliance with a legal obligation; or
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
Right to restrict the processing of your personal information
You can ask us to restrict your personal information, but only where:
its accuracy is contested, to allow us to verify its accuracy; or
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want it erased; or
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, but you still need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
you have exercised the right to object, and verification of overriding grounds is pending.
We can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction, where:
we have your consent; or
to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Right to transfer your personal information
You can ask us to provide your personal information to you in a structured, commonly used, machine‑readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller, but in each case only where:
the processing is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you;
and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to object to the processing of your personal information
You can object to any processing of your personal information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests.
If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
Right to object to how we use your personal information for direct marketing purposes
You can request that we change the manner in which we contact you for marketing purposes.
You can request that we not transfer your personal information to unaffiliated third parties for the purposes of direct marketing or any other purposes.
Right to obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction
You can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your personal information  is transferred outside of the European Union.
We may redact data transfer agreements to protect commercial terms.
Right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority
You have a right to lodge a complaint with your
local supervisory authority
if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal information.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Contact Us
The primary point of contact for all issues arising from this privacy policy is our Privacy Officer. Our Privacy Officer can be contacted in the following ways:
by email:
queries@btha.co.uk
In writing: BTHA House, 142-144 Long Lane, London, SE1 4BS
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this privacy policy, the information we hold about you or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact our Privacy Officer. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and make every reasonable effort to honour your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by data protection laws.
To contact your data protection supervisory authority
You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority, which in the UK is the
Information Commissioner’s Office
, at any time.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us before you contact your local supervisory authority.
Date of Last Revision: 21 September 2021
This content is exclusive to full BTHA Members and you must be logged in to view it.
If you are a full member please login here.
OK
Toy Safety
Environmental
Data Protection
Connected Toys
Responsible Marketing
Ethical Manufacturing
Trade
Toy Industry Awards
Golden Teddies
BTHA Outstanding Contribution
Toy Trust Outstanding Contribution
BTHA Lifetime Achievement
ITRA Awards
About Us
History of the BTHA
The Lion Mark
The BTHA Trophy Cabinet
Code of Practice
Our Members
Brexit
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
I accept
View our Privacy Policy
Notifications