📦 FREE shipping on orders over $30!
USA
United Kingdom
United States
Australia
New Zealand
India
MyRewards
Help
Bible Study & Devotions
Bible Studies
Old Testament
New Testament
Topical
Devotionals
Topical
Family
Seasonal
Subscriptions
Popular Series
God's Word For You
Good Book Guides
Truth for Life
Explore
Christian Living
Discipleship
Church
Prayer
Women
Men
Work & Money
Relationships
Parenting
For Families
Marriage
Grief
Culture & Social Issues
Cultural Engagement
Gender & Sexuality
Human Dignity
Popular Titles
The Art of Disagreeing
The Risen King
Honor
The Quiet Time Kickstart
The Soul-Winning Church
Mental Health
Everyday Theology
Grief & Suffering
Ministry
Outreach
Evangelism
Outreach Courses
Tracts & Outreach Books
Small Groups
Small Group Studies
Books with Free Small Group Kits
Small Group Courses
Popular Series
Christianity Explored
Hymns We Love
Love Your Church
Children & Youth Ministry
Leadership
Counseling
Discipleship
Children & Youth
Type
Board Books
Storybooks
Activity Books
Chapter Books
Non-fiction for Tweens & Teens
Bibles & Devotionals
Outreach Resources
Bundles and Sets
Shop by Age
3 and Under
4 to 6
7 to 11
12 to 14
14+
Popular Series
Abigail Series
Bible Retellings Collection
Big Questions
Do Great Things for God
God's Big Promises
Jesus Moments
Little Me, Big God
Seek and Find
Tales That Tell the Truth
Training Young Hearts
Very Best Bible Stories
Deals
Bundles and Sets
Easter
Home
>
Explore App Data and Privacy
Explore App Data and Privacy
Data collected by the app
Last updated: 25 March 2024
This privacy policy applies to the Explore app app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by The Good Book Company as a Freemium service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".
User data
In the Explore app, you can link an email address with the app. Doing so allows you to access your purchased reading plans across all your devices, regardless of which platform or App/Play store account was used to purchase the reading plan. We will store your email address if you use this feature. We will not share your email address with third parties.
Device data
The Explore app collects diagnostic data to help us improve the app's performance and stability, and fix bugs and glitches. This diagnostic data includes:
A limited log record from the history preceding a bug or glitch occurring, including a stack trace
Data about the device on which the bug or glitch occurred
Diagnostic data does not contain personal information.
Analytics data
The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include information such as
Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)
The pages of the Application that you visit, and the time spent on those pages
The time spent on the Application
The operating system you use on your mobile device
The aggregated and anonymized collection of this data helps The Good Book Company to analyze user behavior, identify trends, and therefore improve the overall performance and functionality of the Application.
Third-Party Services: Periodically, The Good Book Company may transmit anonymized location data to external services. These services assist in enhancing the Application and optimizing their offerings.
Third Party Access
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid in improving the Application and their service. The Good Book Company may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
The Good Book Company may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children
The Good Book Company does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The Good Book Company does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case The Good Book Company discover that a child under 13 has provided personal information, The Good Book Company will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact
datacontroller@thegoodbook.com
so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.
Security
The Good Book Company is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Good Book Company provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information The Good Book Company processes and maintains.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Good Book Company will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Data deletion
If you have linked your email address with the app, you can ask us to delete it from our systems at any time, either by using the
contact us
page, or by sending an email to
hello@thegoodbook.co.uk
.
If you have any concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, or our treatment of your confidential data please contact us immediately by phone on
0333 123 0880
, or by email
datacontroller@thegoodbook.co.uk
.
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of
				cookies. We use some cookies which are essential for the site to
				function, and other optional cookies for marketing and analytic
				purposes. You can find a summary of all the cookies we use and
				change your cookie preferences
here
.
Reject optional
Accept cookies
of
in
and
by
a
for
the
or
on