Main Page
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By accessing the applications provided by Piotr Knapczyk, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing these applications. The materials contained in applications are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
		modify or copy the materials;
		use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
		attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on any of Piotr Knapczyk's application;
		remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
		transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
		This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Piotr Knapczyk at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on any of Piotr Knapczyk's applications are provided on an 'as is' basis. Piotr Knapczyk makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
		Further, Piotr Knapczyk does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its application or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Piotr Knapczyk or his suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Piotr Knapczyk's applications, even if Piotr Knapczyk or a Piotr Knapczyk authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Piotr Knapczyk's application could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Piotr Knapczyk does not warrant that any of the materials on its application are accurate, complete or current. Piotr Knapczyk may make changes to the materials contained on its application at any time without notice. However Piotr Knapczyk does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Modifications
Piotr Knapczyk may revise these terms of service for its application at any time without notice. By using this application you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
7. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Poland and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Privacy Policy
Piotr Knapczyk does not collect any personal information from your use of our apps. If we have any of your personal information we will not knowingly sell or give it to anyone, except if lawfully subpoenaed to produce it, and then only after offering you a reasonable chance to challenge such subpoena if allowed by law.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding privacy policy, feel free to contact the developer:
email:
pk.piotr.knapczyk@gmail.com