Privacy Policy
This application does not collect or share personal information such as your name, address, phone number, email address or contacts. The application may collect information such as unique device identifier, unique advertising identifier, language, area code and time zone, referrer URL, crash logs and application usage statistics. This information is used for product development, better support and advertising.  We are not responsible for republished content from this application on websites without our permission.
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice and was last updated on  December 22, 2021. If you have any questions feel free to contact us directly:
support@lifewaresolutions.com
Informativa sulla privacy
Questa applicazione non raccoglie o condivide informazioni personali come nome, indirizzo, numero di telefono, indirizzo e-mail o contatti. L'applicazione può raccogliere informazioni come identificativo dispositivo unico, identificativo pubblicitario unico, linguaggio, codice area e fuso orario, URL del referrer, registri di arresto anomalo e statistiche sull'utilizzo dell'applicazione. Queste informazioni sono utilizzate per lo sviluppo del prodotto, il supporto migliore e la pubblicità. Non siamo responsabili per il contenuto ripubblicato da questa applicazione sui siti Web senza il nostro permesso.
La presente informativa sulla privacy è soggetta a modifiche senza preavviso ed è stata aggiornata l'ultima volta il 22 dicembre 2021. Se avete domande non esitate a contattarci direttamente:
support@lifewatoSolutions.com
Datenschutz
Diese Anwendung sammelt oder teilen nicht persönliche Informationen wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse oder Kontakte. Die Anwendung kann Informationen wie eindeutige Gerätekennung, eindeutige Werbungskennung, Sprache, Vorwahl und Zeitzone, Referrer-URL, Crash-Protokolle und Anwendungsnutzungsstatistik sammeln. Diese Informationen werden für die Produktentwicklung, bessere Unterstützung und Werbung verwendet. Wir sind nicht für veröffentlichte Inhalte von dieser Anwendung auf Websites ohne unsere Erlaubnis verantwortlich.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie kann ohne vorherige Ankündigung geändert werden und wurde am 22. Dezember 2021 zuletzt aktualisiert. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, können Sie uns direkt an uns Kontaktieren:
support@lifewaresolutions.com
Politica de privacidad
Esta aplicación no recopila ni comparte información personal, como su nombre, dirección, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico o contactos. La aplicación puede recopilar información, como el identificador único del dispositivo, el identificador de publicidad único, el idioma, el código de área y la zona horaria, la URL del referente, los registros de bloqueo y las estadísticas de uso de la aplicación. Esta información se utiliza para el desarrollo del producto, un mejor soporte y publicidad. No somos responsables del contenido publicado de esta aplicación en sitios web sin nuestro permiso.
Esta Política de privacidad está sujeta a cambios sin previo aviso y se actualizó por última vez el 22 de diciembre de 2021. Si tiene alguna pregunta, siéntase libre de contactarnos directamente:
support@lifewaresolutions.com
Politique de confidentialite
Cette application ne collecte ni ne partage des informations personnelles telles que votre nom, votre adresse, votre numéro de téléphone, votre adresse électronique ou vos contacts. L'application peut collecter des informations telles que l'identifiant de périphérique unique, l'identifiant de publicité unique, la langue, le code de zone et le fuseau horaire, l'URL de référent, les journaux de collision et les statistiques d'utilisation des applications. Ces informations sont utilisées pour le développement de produits, un meilleur soutien et la publicité. Nous ne sommes pas responsables du contenu republié de cette application sur des sites Web sans notre permission.
Cette politique de confidentialité est sujette à modification sans préavis et a été mise à jour pour la dernière fois le 22 décembre 2021. Si vous avez des questions, n'hésitez pas à nous contacter directement:
support@lifewaresolutions.com
Politica de Privacidade
Este aplicativo não coleta ou compartilha informações pessoais, como seu nome, endereço, número de telefone, endereço de e-mail ou contatos. O aplicativo pode coletar informações, como identificador de dispositivo exclusivo, identificador de publicidade exclusivo, idioma, código de área e fuso horário, URL do referenciador, logs de falha e estatísticas de uso do aplicativo. Esta informação é usada para desenvolvimento de produtos, melhor suporte e publicidade. Não somos responsáveis pelo conteúdo republicado desta aplicação em sites sem a nossa permissão.
Esta política de privacidade está sujeita a alterações sem aviso prévio e foi atualizada pela última vez em 22 de dezembro de 2021. Se você tiver alguma dúvida, não hesite em contactar-nos diretamente:
support@lifwaresolutions.com
Integritetspolicy
Den här applikationen samlar inte in eller delar personlig information, t.ex. ditt namn, adress, telefonnummer, e-postadress eller kontakter. Applikationen kan samla in information, t.ex. unik enhetens identifierare, unik reklamidentifierare, språk, riktnummer och tidszon, refereradress, kraschloggar och applikationsanvändningsstatistik. Denna information används för produktutveckling, bättre stöd och reklam. Vi är inte ansvariga för publicerat innehåll från denna ansökan på webbplatser utan vårt tillstånd.
Denna sekretesspolicy kan ändras utan föregående meddelande och uppdateras senast den 22 december 2021. Om du har några frågor kan du kontakta oss direkt:
support@lifewaresolutions.com
Политика конфиденциальности
Это приложение не собирает и не хранит личную информацию, такую как ваше имя, адрес, номер телефона, адрес электронной почты или контакты. Приложение может собирать информацию, такую как уникальный идентификатор устройства, уникальный идентификатор рекламы, язык, код зоны и часовой пояс, URL-адрес реферера, журналы ошибок и статистики использования приложений. Эта информация используется для улучшения программы, лучшей поддержки и рекламы. Мы не несем ответственности за публикццию содержания из этого приложения на других сайтах без нашего разрешения.
Эта политика конфиденциальности может быть изменена без предварительного уведомления и была обновлена 22 декабря 2021 года. Если у вас есть какие-либо вопросы, не стесняйтесь обращаться к нам напрямую:
support@lifewaresolutions.com