Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 1st May, 2013
Your use of the Perkd services (the “Perkd Service”), including the Perkd website (http://perkd.me) (the “Website”) and mobile application (the “Application”), is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE SUBMITTING ANY INFORMATION TO PERKD. BY SUBMITTING ANY INFORMATION OR USING THE PERKD SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, SIMPLY EXIT THIS PAGE WITHOUT ACCESSING OR USING ANY OF PERKD SERVICES.
Importance of Your Privacy
At Perkd, your privacy is of great importance to us. We understand that you entrust us with certain private information to help us provide various products and services. In return for your trust, you deserve our commitment to treat your information with respect and protect your privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy below describes how we collect, use and share your personal information, and our privacy practices in general.
Information We Collect
We collect the following information about you:
(a)	Personal identifying information.  This is information identifying a specific person. When you engage in certain activities via the Perkd Service, including but not limited to creating an account, signing up for digital membership cards, or otherwise participating in the Perkd Service (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. If you choose to participate in an Identification Activity, we may ask you to provide certain personal information about yourself, such as your name, mobile phone number, email address, gender and date of birth. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular Identification Activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that Identification Activity. Depending on the Identification Activity, Perkd may not re-ask you for Personal Identifying Information if such are already stored with us under the Perkd Service.
If you choose to refer someone through the Perkd Service, we will ask you for your referral’s contact information, such as his or her name, mobile phone number and email address. We may then send your friend a message or an email inviting him or her to join the Perkd Service. Perkd stores this information for the sole purpose of sending the message or email and maintaining the Perkd Service.
(b) Technical information.  In order for us to ensure that we are providing the best possible consumer experience for Perkd Services, we collect and track certain user information. When you visit the Website, our Web server may send a cookie to your computer. This cookie would be intended to store a limited amount of information about your site visit. The cookie tracks aggregate information on how our site is being used, including session counts, navigation patterns, pages visited, etc. These cookies, however, do not store any personally identifiable information such as your name, email address or phone number as you browse the site.
(c) Information from your use of the Service.  We may collect information about the Service that you use and how you use them. When you use the Service Perkd automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser or mobile platform, including your IP address, device model, your carrier, operating system version and location. Perkd also collects and uses additional information from users such as transaction location, purchase activity, Application open date and time, and user actions within Application (together with time and order). Perkd may also collect information posted by users on social network sites for users that have opted to connect to or otherwise link Perkd with social network accounts including Facebook and Twitter. We treat this data as non-personal information for purposes of providing the Service, except where we are required to treat it as personal information under applicable law.
(d) Information collected in other sections of the Service.  Perkd may, from time to time, make various resources available to you at the Website or within the Application. At times we may collect personal information in connection with providing such services.
How Your Information Is Used
We DO NOT sell or share any personal information about you except (i) as authorised by you, (ii) as described in the relevant portion of the Website, Application or Perkd’s Terms of Service (the "Terms of Service"), (iii) in connection with providing the Perkd Service to you (either directly or through one or more third parties), (iv) as may be required by law or court order, or (v) as otherwise set forth herein.
We use the information you provide to provide the applicable Perkd Services to you, either directly or through third party service providers. Some of our Services, including but not limited to making available to you certain incentives and/or offers, may be offered in conjunction with merchants or third party service providers with which Perkd has entered into a business relationship. In order for us to provide these services to you, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with one of such entities. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing such services.
Perkd may utilize your location information, such as GPS data, to present location based alerts such as nearby loyalty card retailers, coupons, and may organize card lists based on the closest retailer in your list.
Perkd may also share certain non-personal information or aggregated data with other third parties for general marketing and demographic purposes; however, this data, when shared on an aggregated basis, does not include any of your personal identifying information. Perkd may sell, disclose or otherwise use information gathered on the Service to third parties on an aggregated basis.
In addition, Perkd may disclose account or other personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Perkd's rights or property, other Website or Application users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Privacy Policies of Third Party Services
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service and does not govern activities on linked websites, services or applications. Other websites or services that may be accessible through the Website or the Application (the “Third Party Services”), such as registration of digital memberships offered by merchants, may have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you use, link or visit any such services, we encourage you review their privacy policy. We are unable to control how these services handle any information they gather about you, including their privacy practices and use of cookies.
Updating Information You Provided
If you are enrolled in the Perkd Service, you may change any of your personal information submitted through the Website, the Application, or by contacting us at service@perkd.me.
Perkd may alter, modify or delete any information you submit to the Service if it believes, in its sole discretion, it is necessary or desirable to do so.
Security
You can access your personal information on the Service with your password and username. This password is encrypted. We advise against sharing your password with anyone. In addition, your Personal Identifying Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel have access to. We may encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your personal information is safe as it is transmitted to us. Although Perkd has taken these reasonable and appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information is delivered and disclosed only in accordance with your instructions, Perkd cannot and does not guarantee that the personal information you provide will not be intercepted by others and decrypted.
Note About Children
Children are not eligible to use our Service and we ask that children under the age of 13 do not submit any personal information to us or use the Service. Perkd does not collect or maintain information from those actually known to be under the age of 13.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we make a change to our Privacy Policy in the future that will affect how we treat your information, we will post such change at the Website and/or within the Application, and such change will be deemed to be effective 3 days from the date of such posting. In that case, your ability to opt out of the new policy will be determined by applicable laws.
Acquisition
We may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of our assets or equity to a third party. Your personally identifiable information and other information we obtain from you via the Service may be disclosed to any potential or actual third party purchasers of such assets or equity and may be among the assets transferred.
Acceptance
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Website or the Application. By using the Service and voluntarily providing information to us, you consent to our collection and use of the information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.