Ultimate Motorcycling
Legal Notice & Privacy Policy 2024
All content on this website, including articles, press releases and product information updates is for informational purposes only. This information should not be considered complete, up to date, and is not intended to be used in place of a visit, consultation, or advice of a legal, medical, or any other professional.
Your privacy is important to Ultimate MotorCycling. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
NOTE ON THE 2024 CCPA: The CCPA has three thresholds, and Ultimate Motorcycling does not reach any of them.
1) Ultimate does NOT have gross revenues in excess of $25 million
2) Ultimate does NOT possess the personal information of 50,000 or more consumers, households, or devices. In fact, we do NOT have the personal information of ANYONE.
3) Ultimate does NOT earn more than half of its annual revenue from selling consumers’ personal information. Actually, WE DO NOT SELL ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION. This pledge is repeated in the About Us section of our website, on our App Masthead, and in the signup form for our Newsletter.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. Here are some examples of the types of personal information Ultimate MotorCycling may collect and how we may use it.
What personal information we collect:
When you create an Ultimate MotorCycling ID we only collect your username and email address. That’s it. We do NOT collect other information, such as your name, mailing address, or phone number.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone where an Ultimate MotorCycling product is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising. If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Ultimate MotorCycling’s website, online services, interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our website people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this
Privacy Policy
Ultimate MotorCycling and its partners use cookies and other technologies in mobile advertising services to control the number of times you see a given ad, deliver ads that relate to your interests, and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. If you do not want to receive ads with this level of relevance on your mobile device, you can opt out. You will continue to receive the same number of mobile ads, but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests. You may still see ads related to the content on a web page or in an application or based on other non-personal information. This opt-out applies only to Ultimate MotorCycling advertising services and does not affect interest-based advertising from other advertising networks.
Ultimate MotorCycling and our partners also use cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, online services, and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with Ultimate MotorCycling more convenient and personal.
Knowing your country and language helps us provide a customized and more useful experience. If you want to disable cookies on your mobile device, go to Settings and then to the Cookies section.
For browsers, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Please note that certain features of the Ultimate MotorCycling website may not be available once cookies are disabled
As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Ultimate MotorCycling may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Ultimate MotorCycling website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Personal information will only be shared by Ultimate MotorCycling to provide or improve our products, services and advertising; it will not be sold or shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Protection of Personal Information
When you use some Ultimate MotorCycling products, services, or applications or post on an Ultimate MotorCycling forum or social networking service, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.
Children
We do not knowingly collect any information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Third-Party Sites and Services
Ultimate MotorCycling websites, products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Information collected by third parties is governed by their privacy practices and we encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
International Users
Information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. Ultimate MotorCycling abides by the “safe harbor” framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected by organizations in the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Learn more about the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program.
Our Company-wide Commitment to Your Privacy
To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Ultimate MotorCycling employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about Ultimate MotorCycling’s Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us.
Ultimate MotorCycling may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Ultimate MotorCycling, LLC.  2060-D Avenida De Los Arboles #604, Thousand Oaks, CA 91362