Sonettic is committed to maintaining your privacy. This privacy policy has been created to provide you with information about how we collect and use information that you may provide through our Apps, and explains the circumstances under which we may disclose that information, as well as your choices concerning that information.
1. Effective Date: This Privacy Policy is effective 7/3/2014 and applies to any and all information that a User may have provided to Sonettic. Sonettic reserves the right, at its discretion and/or in compliance with applicable law if needed, to change, modify, amend, add, or remove portions of its Privacy Policy at any time. You may always review the Privacy Policy at any time by visiting www.playdatedigital.com/privacypolicy for any changes. When required by law, we will advise you of such changes. Modifications will be effective immediately, and will apply to your continuing use. Use any of our Apps after the posting of any changes to the Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance, acknowledgment and agreement to the respective changes.
2. Your Consent. Please read this privacy policy carefully. By accessing and using our Apps, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy, and agree to be legally bound by it. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Apps.
3. Personal Information and Children: Sonettic’s Apps are intended for use by children, with parental participation and supervision. Sonettic is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and the regulations of the Federal Trade Commission in the operation of our Apps.
Sonettic does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We do not request that children provide us with personally identifiable information, and do not offer features that are intended to collect such information from children.
If you have any question regarding Sonettic’s data collection practices regarding children, please contact us at: info@sonettic.com
4. Personal Information and Adults: Sonettic provides certain features within our Apps that are intended for use by parents or legal guardians. These features are contained within a section noted as “Parents Corner,” and are not intended to be used by children.
In the Parents Corner, we collect search query information when visitors search for information on our products. Parents who wish to sign up for our newsletter are asked to provide us with their email address. Users may unsubscribe from this feature at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within each newsletter. Any additional information from visitors we use to address their questions and comments is deleted upon completion of the query.
Collection of Non-Personal Information: Sonettic uses tracking technology to collect non-personally identifiable information from our users, including the Unique Device Identifier (UDID) for your mobile device. We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content, understand content usage and improve or customise our content and offerings. These Tracking Technologies specifically collect non-personal data, and do not collect information from users outside of the app. We do not combine personal information with non-personal information.
5. Links to Websites: Sonettic Apps contain links to sonettic.com, social networking sites and to the Apple Store. These links are in place to allow parents or legal guardians to sign up for the Sonettic newsletter, to permit users to engage with us on our social networking sites or to permit our users to rate our Apps or purchase other Sonettic products. These sites are intended to be accessed by parents or legal guardians, as such are located within the “Parents Corner” of the Apps. If Sonettic learns that a child under the age of 13 has accessed these links, Sonettic will promptly delete any data that may have been collected and will make no further use of such data.
6. Our Use of Information: We use anonymous, non-personal data to for internal operations, such as analysing the effectiveness of our Apps, improving our features, and for other, similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may undertake or commission statistical and other summary analyses of the general behaviour and characteristics of users participating in our services and the characteristics of users of our Apps, and in doing so, we may share anonymous information with third parties. That anonymous information provided to third parties will not allow anyone to identify you. We may collect anonymous information through features of the Apps and through non-personal tracking technologies.
Sonettic may also use other tools or third party analytical services to collect and use certain non-personal data including, but not limited to your device’s UDID and aggregated patterns of app usage (length of time on the app and use of different features.) If Sonettic uses third parties to assist in analysis of our Apps, Sonettic requires that any such third parties comply with COPPA and other applicable laws.
Sonettic does not sell, rent, share or transfer any of the information collected to third in ways other than described in this policy.
7. Third Party Terms and Conditions: By using our Apps, you may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, and social networking services. Links to all such third party features are contained in the Parents Corner and are to be used only by adults. Providing links to any such third parties does not constitute Sonettic’s sponsorship of, or affiliation with, such third parties.
8. Data Retention: Sonettic only retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period of time necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. After such time, Sonettic deletes all such data within a time frame that is reasonable for our operating requirements. When necessary, Sonettic may retain data to the extent needed to resolve disputes, enforce Sonettic user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Apps.
9. Security: Sonettic follows reasonable and generally accepted industry standards regarding data security, and we maintain reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information in Sonettic’s possession in accordance with Applicable law. Only those persons with a need to process user data in connection with the fulfilment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance have access to user data in Sonettic’s possession.
Sonettic stores all data and information in secure operating environments and implements reasonable and generally accepted industry practices to prevent unauthorised access to the data. Please note that Sonettic cannot and does not guarantee the security of materials or information transmitted to Sonettic by users over the Internet or through wireless connections.
10. Further Information: If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and/or our practices, please email us at: info@sonettic.com.