Privacy policy
Thank you for your interest in our products and services. With this privacy policy, we inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data processed by us and your rights as a data subject.
This document contains a section dedicated to Brazilian Users and their privacy rights.
I. General information
1.
Data Controller
Responsible for data processing in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR is TorAlarm GmbH, Adersstraße 12, 40215 Düsseldorf, Germany (hereinafter "we" or "us"), unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy.
2.
Contact Details
Please contact our Data Protection Officer at any time if you have any questions or comments regarding data protection and the enforcement of your rights as a data subject:
TorAlarm GmbH
Adersstraße 12
40215 Düsseldorf
Germany
datenschutz@toralarm.com
3. Starting the app
When you use our app, we automatically collect and process the following information to enable the usability of the functions provided and to ensure the security and stability of the app:
Information about the accessing end device and the software used
Date and time of access
IP address
The at least temporary processing of the IP address is absolutely necessary to enable the app to be displayed. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Our servers also store your IP address for up to 28 days for the purpose and in the interest of ensuring the security of our offer. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Information will only be stored or retrieved on your end device without your prior consent if this is absolutely necessary for the service you are using in our app (Section 25 (2) TDDDG).
If you download our app from a third-party app store and we become the contractual partner for the purchase of the app in accordance with the applicable terms of use of such a provider, we process the data that the third-party provider makes available to us in order to enable you to use the app. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
4. Access authorisations
If you use a device from Apple Inc. or an Android device, we also receive access to the device ID assigned to your device (ID for Advertisers (IDFA) for Apple and Google Advertising ID (GAID) for Android). From operating system versions iOS 14.5, iPadOS 14.5 and tvOS 14.5, however, this only occurs if you have given us your consent to do so during installation or later when using the app. This ID is a device identifier that Apple or Google integrates into its operating systems for use by app operators in order to enable app operators to ensure that the application can be refinanced, for example through advertising. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time via the data protection settings on your end device with effect for the future.
5. Place of processing
We also process personal data in countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). If no adequacy decision of the European Commission exists for the respective third country, we have concluded the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR to ensure an adequate level of data protection with the services used in third countries:
Standard contractual clauses
.
6. Storage duration
We only process personal data for as long as this is necessary for the purpose stated in this privacy policy. The personal data will then be deleted, provided that there are no statutory retention periods preventing data deletion.
II. Your rights as a data subject
1. Information, rectification, erasure, restriction and the right to be forgotten
You can obtain information from us at any time and free of charge as to whether personal data relating to you are being processed by us and also specifically which data relating to you are being stored, as well as requesting a copy of the stored data. You can also have incorrect data corrected and completed.
You can also request the erasure and restriction of your personal data. Please note that there are retention obligations, e.g. for contracts against payment, and we are therefore not always permitted to delete your data completely. In this case, your data will be marked with the aim of restricting its future processing.
2.
Data portability
Where applicable, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted to you or to another controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, provided that the processing is based on consent or on a contract and is carried out by automated means. However, this does not apply if the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. You also have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and provided that this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
3.
Revocation / Objection
You can revoke any consent you have given in the Privacy Manager at any time with effect for the future under Options > Privacy > Revoke tracking. You can also withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by contacting the above address.
You can object to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct advertising at any time by sending a corresponding message to the above-mentioned contact address, without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
You also have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on a legitimate interest or a public interest. In the event of an objection, we will no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
4.
Right of appeal
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority and to seek legal remedies. The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted will inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy.
5. Existence of automated decision-making
We do not use automated decision-making or profiling within the meaning of Art. 22 GDPR.
III. Data settings in the Privacy Manager
When you use our app, not only our own content or content that is displayed on our behalf (Art. 28 GDPR) is displayed, but also content from third parties. This may be editorial content, recommendations for external content, games and surveys, but of course also product advertising.
If such content is loaded, this is done from the servers of the respective third-party providers. This always involves the transmission of certain data to the third-party providers, in many cases including personal data. In addition, information is stored or retrieved on the end device for most of the third-party services used to load the content. The purposes for which this data are processed by the third-party providers on their own responsibility, but in some cases also on our legal responsibility, are varied.
1. Use of TorAlarm with tracking
However, the vast majority of the services or content of third-party providers are only loaded and the relevant data processing only occurs if you have previously given your consent in the Privacy Manager within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or, with regard to the storage of or access to information on the end device, in accordance with Section 25 para. 1 TDDDG. In addition, there are a few cases in which the storage of or access to information on the end device is absolutely necessary in order to be able to provide the offer you have requested (§ 25 para. 2 TDDDG), as well as certain data processing that is based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR; in these constellations, the storage of or access to information on the end device occurs without consent, although we give you the option of objecting to data processing based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in the Privacy Manager.
In order to make this process user-friendly for you with all legal requirements but also all necessary information, the so-called Privacy Manager opens when you open our app for the first time, in which you have the option of giving your consent to third-party providers to store and/or retrieve information on your device and to process personal data for certain purposes, to refuse this consent or - insofar as the processing of personal data is based on the legal basis of legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR) - to object to it.
You have the option at any time to change the settings you have made in the Privacy Manager with effect for the future, i.e. to revoke any consent you have given or to object to data processing on the basis of legitimate interests.
Further information on the third-party providers who are themselves responsible for data processing in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR (also referred to as "vendors") can be found
here
.
2. TCF providers
The TCF providers we use to fund our free offer are third party providers who are registered in the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, an international trade association of the online advertising industry, ("IAB") and have committed to complying with the IAB's guidelines for the protection of your privacy and personal data.
The settings you have made in the Privacy Manager are stored on your end device and transmitted to the TCF providers in the form of a coded character string (so-called TC string). This transmission occurs on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR).
We use the so-called "Real Time Bidding" (RTB) process to market our offer. With RTB, our ad spaces are auctioned off to advertisers automatically and in real time. During the auction, your user profiles and interests in particular are also transmitted to the auction participants and taken into account. We use the OpenRTB protocol, which enables these real-time bids and represents a recognised industry standard for the communication and interoperability of auction participants. You can find more information on usage profiles and interests in the following sections of the privacy policy.
2.1 Saving or accessing information on an end device
If you have given us your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, the TCF providers will store and/or retrieve information on your device. These device accesses are sometimes also required in order to subsequently process personal data for the purpose,
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising,
Use profiles to select personalised advertising,
Create profiles to personalise content,
Use profiles to select personalised content,
Measure advertising performance,
Measure content performance,
Analysing target groups using statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
Develop and improve services and
Use limited data to select content,
(so-called "IAB processing purposes"). If you have given the respective TCF provider your consent in the Privacy Manager a) to the storage of or access to information on an end device and b) to the processing of personal data for one of the IAB processing purposes or have not objected to the data processing, TCF providers may also process personal data for the following additional purposes or with the following additional functions within the scope of the respective IAB processing purpose:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud and fix errors,
Deliver and present advertising and content,
Matching and combining data from different sources,
Linking different end devices,
Identify end devices based on information transmitted automatically,
and, with your separate consent, use of precise geolocation data.
Further information on the IAB processing purposes can be found below in this privacy policy. Further information on the individual TCF providers and the legal basis for data processing can be found
here
.
Without your consent to the storage of or access to information on a device, it may not be possible to use all the functions of our app to their full extent. Processing of personal data for IAB processing purposes, which are collected or processed by storing or accessing information on the end device, is only ever possible with consent to the storage of or access to information on the end device, regardless of whether you have given your consent to the processing to the respective IAB processing purpose or have not objected to this.
You can revoke your consent to the storage of or access to information on an end device at any time in the Privacy Manager.
2.2 Use of limited data to select advertising
For the purpose and in the interest of optimising the selection and display of the ads shown to refinance our offer, to control the frequency and sequence of ad insertions and to prevent an ad from being displayed in an inappropriate editorial environment (brand-unsafe), we or the relevant third-party providers process real-time information about the context in which the advert is displayed, including information about the content environment and the device used, such as device type and functions, browser ID, URL, IP address and the approximate location data of a user. The legal basis for data processing is regularly Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option at any time to reject the selection of simple advertising in the Privacy Manager and thus object to data processing for this purpose.
To clarify once again: Even if the legal basis for the processing of personal data in this case is not your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR), but our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR), data processing will not take place if the service in question uses information by storing and accessing your device and you have not given your consent to the retrieval and/or storage of information in the device. In this case, no information will be used by or for the service by storing and accessing your device and the service will not be loaded.
Individual TCF providers also base the data processing carried out for the aforementioned purposes on the legal basis of consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). In these cases, no processing of personal data by these third-party providers takes place without your prior consent in the Privacy Manager, even if you have given your consent to the storage and/or retrieval of information in the end device. You can find out which third-party providers are involved in each individual case in the Privacy Manager at the appropriate point.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
In order to display the adverts in our app in the correct size and in a format supported by your device and to be able to redirect you to the corresponding target page when you click on the advert, the respective third-party provider also processes your IP address and information about your device type. This is the special category " Deliver and present advertising and content".
2.3 Create profiles for personalised advertising
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, we use TCF providers for the purpose of tailoring the advertising displayed to refinance our offer to your interests based on your usage behaviour. For this purpose, a profile of your usage is created with information about your activities, interests, use of applications, demographic information or location. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
For the aforementioned purposes, we also use the services of TCF providers who are responsible for the data processing that takes place via the service in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.4 Use profiles to select personalised advertising
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, we use TCF providers for the purpose of displaying advertisements of interest to you on the basis of a personalised advertising profile created by you, subject to your consent. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
For the aforementioned purposes, we also use the services of TCF providers who are responsible for the data processing that takes place via the service in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR. Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
In order to display the personalised ads in our app in the correct size and in a format supported by your device and to be able to redirect you to the corresponding target page when you click on the ad, the respective third-party provider also processes your IP address and information about your device type. This is the special category " Deliver and present advertising and content".
2.5 Create profiles to personalise content
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, we use TCF providers for the purpose of creating a profile of your usage with information on activities, interests and visits to the use of applications, demographic information or location for the personalisation of content. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.6 Use profiles to select personalised content
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process information about your usage behaviour or other historical usage data, including previous activities, interests, visits to the use of applications, location or demographic information, in order to be able to display selected content to you according to this information. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
In order to be able to display the personalised content in our app in the correct size and in a format supported by your device, the respective third-party provider also processes your IP address and information about your device type. This is the special category " Deliver and present advertising and content".
2.7 Measure advertising performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring advertising performance. This includes measuring whether and how adverts were displayed to a user and how they interacted with them, whether an advert was displayed in an unsuitable editorial environment (brand-unsafe) and determining the percentage of times the advert could have been seen, including the duration (advertising perception chance). They also compile reports on advertising, including its effectiveness and performance, on the interaction of users with advertising, based on data measured in the course of the user's interaction with this advertising. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.8
Measure content performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring the performance of content of our offer. This involves measuring and reporting on how content is delivered to users and how they have interacted with it. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.9 Analysing target groups using statistics or combinations of data from different sources
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of gaining insights into target groups for advertising and content. This involves creating aggregated reports for advertisers or their representatives about the target groups reached by their adverts, which are obtained on the basis of survey panels or similar procedures. Furthermore, aggregated reports are created for service providers on the target groups that were reached by or interacted with the content and/or adverts on their services and which were determined using survey panels or similar methods. The reports do not allow any conclusions to be drawn about a specific or identifiable person. However, information about your usage behaviour is processed to create these reports. In addition, offline data is assigned to an online user for market research purposes in order to gain insights into target groups, insofar as providers have declared that they will compare and merge offline data sources. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.10 Develop and improve services
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of developing and improving offers, e.g. through new functions. Information about your usage behaviour is processed for this purpose. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.11 Use limited data to select content
For the purpose and in the interest of optimising the selection and display of content and controlling the frequency and sequence of content display, we or the relevant TCF providers process real-time information about the content environment and your interaction as well as the device used, such as device type and functions, browser ID, URL, IP address and your approximate location data. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option at any time to reject the use of limited data for the selection of content in the Privacy Manager and thus object to data processing for this purpose.
Individual TCF providers also base the data processing carried out for the aforementioned purposes on the legal basis of consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). In these cases, no processing of personal data by these third-party providers takes place without your prior consent in the Privacy Manager, even if you have given your consent to the storage and/or retrieval of information in the end device.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.12 Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud and fix errors (special category)
For the purposes of ensuring security, preventing fraud and fixing errors, TCF providers process information to ensure that data are transmitted securely, to detect and prevent harmful, fraudulent, invalid or illegal activities and to ensure the correct and efficient operation of systems and processes - including monitoring and improving the performance of systems and processes - within the scope of the permitted processing purposes. This is necessary to ensure the security of the respective data processing, to prevent fraud and to be able to rectify errors. The information processed for this purpose may include automatically sent device characteristics for identification, precise geolocalisation data and data obtained by reading the device characteristics for identification without separate disclosure and/or opt-in. As far as processing for the purposes of ensuring security, preventing fraud and rectifying errors by third-party providers for their own purposes is concerned, this naturally presupposes that you have given the respective third-party provider your consent to the processing of personal data for a specific purpose in the first place or have not objected to the data processing. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR.
2.13 Marketing of online advertising space
To refinance our range of services and for the purpose of tailoring the advertising displayed in our app to your interests, we have our offering marketed. As part of the marketing, third-party providers commissioned by our marketers also process personal data in accordance with the IAB processing purposes listed above, provided that you have given the respective TCF provider your consent to the processing of personal data according to the respective IAB processing purpose in the Privacy Manager or have not objected to the data processing in cases in which the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The consent requirement also applies to the storage and/or retrieval of information on a device. The third-party providers are partly processors of our marketers and partly third parties within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR, with whom we are jointly responsible within the meaning of Art. 26 GDPR, insofar as we enable the respective third party to process personal data in accordance with the IAB processing purposes jointly defined in the Privacy Manager for its own purposes by integrating the online advertising technology into our offer.
We use the so-called "Real Time Bidding" (RTB) process to market our offer. With RTB, our ad spaces are auctioned off to advertisers automatically and in real time. During the auction, your user profiles and interests in particular are also transmitted to the auction participants and taken into account. We use the OpenRTB protocol, which enables these real-time bids and represents a recognised industry standard for the communication and interoperability of auction participants. You can revoke any consent you have given at any time with effect for the future in the Privacy Manager or object to data processing.
We have concluded an agreement (Art. 26 GDPR) with our marketers and with the TCF providers used and responsible for marketing within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR, in which we have defined the respective responsibilities for the fulfilment of the obligations under the GDPR with regard to joint processing. Accordingly, we are obliged to enable you to give your consent or object to data protection in the Privacy Manager. We are also the central point of contact for you as a data subject. We forward data subject enquiries that we receive and that relate to joint processing without delay. Irrespective of this, you can assert the rights to which you are entitled under the GDPR as a data subject both with and against us and with and against the marketers.
We work together with the following marketers:
Ströer Digital Media GmbH, Kehrwieder 9, 20457 Hamburg,
https://www.stroeer.de/werben-mit-stroeer/onlinewerbung/programmatic-data/datenschutz-sdi/
AddApptr GmbH, Alsterufer 4, 20354 Hamburg,
https://gravite.net/data-privacy
3. Third-party providers outside the IAB standard ("website or app")
In addition to the TCF providers listed above, we also use third-party services outside the IAB standard for the purposes listed below. You can find these in the Privacy Manager under the heading "Website or app".
3.1 Saving or accessing information on an end device
If you have given us your consent to do so, the third-party providers will store and/or retrieve information on your device. Some of this access to your device is also required in order to subsequently process personal data for the purpose,
Measure advertising performance,
Measure the performance of content,
Develop and improve services.
Further information on the processing purposes outside the IAB standard, the individual third-party providers and the legal basis for data processing can be found below at the appropriate place in this privacy policy or
here
.
3.2  Measure advertising performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring advertising performance. This includes measuring whether and how adverts were displayed to a user and how the user interacted with them, whether an advert was displayed in an inappropriate editorial environment (brand-unsafe) and determining the percentage of time the advert could have been seen, including the duration (advertising perception chance). They also compile reports on advertising, including its effectiveness and performance, on the interaction of users with advertising, based on data measured in the course of the user's interaction with this advertising. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
3.3 Measure content performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring the performance of content of our offer. This involves measuring and reporting on how content is delivered to users and how they have interacted with it. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
3.4 Develop and improve services
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of developing and improving offers, e.g. through new functions. Information about your usage behaviour is processed for this purpose. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
4. Use of TorAlarm without tracking
You have the option of using our app without tracking and personalised advertising by opting out of everything in the Privacy Manager if you are already a TorAlarm Premium user or have a PUR subscription. You can also revoke your previously given consent to the use of the app with tracking at any time under Options > Privacy > Revoke Tracking.
4.1. PUR subscription
When you subscribe to PUR via the app store you use, we only process the personal data required for the purpose of executing and fulfilling the contract. The legal basis for data processing in this case is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. We also process the personal data provided by you as part of the conclusion of the contract for the purpose of fulfilling legal obligations, such as tax obligations. The legal basis in this case is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR in conjunction with § 147 AO; retention obligation 10 years. For VAT reasons, this also includes storing the IP address of the device from which you took out the PUR subscription.
4.2. Strictly necessary access to your end device
If you have subscribed to PUR, we only use strictly necessary cookies and comparable technologies, i.e. information is only retrieved or stored on your end device if this is strictly necessary for the service you are using and we would otherwise not be able to provide the service ( § 25 para. 2 TDDDG).
IV. Social media and partner offers
1. Context-related content
In certain parts of our offer, you will find content and adverts selected and displayed by Outbrain UK Limited, 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA, United Kingdom ("Outbrain"). If you have not given your consent in the Privacy Manager for data processing for the purpose of displaying personalised ads and content, this selection of content and advertising is based exclusively on non-personal elements such as the content of the relevant page of our offer (contextual) or on which topics or pages in our offer are currently in particularly high demand. However, in order to establish the connection of your end device to the Outbrain server for the delivery of the relevant content and advertising, it is necessary for Outbrain to process the IP address assigned to your end device at the relevant time. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
We have concluded an agreement with Outbrain in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR to ensure that your rights in relation to your personal data are protected. This agreement essentially stipulates that
Outbrain only processes the IP address to establish the connection for the display of content and advertising without your consent;
that the storage and retrieval of information on your end device and further data processing will only take place if you have consented to the use with tracking;
data may only be transferred to the USA subject to the relevant EU standard contractual clauses;
we provide you with the information listed above;
You can exercise requests in accordance with Art. 12 and 15-22 GDPR directly with Outbrain (
here
, see also Outbrain's
privacy policy
), but that Outbrain will support us with the relevant information etc. if you wish to exercise your rights directly against us.
Further information about Outbrain and your rights as a data subject vis-à-vis Outbrain can be found in
Outbrain's privacy policy
. Information on any data processing carried out by Outbrain and its purposes, if you have consented to data processing for the purpose of displaying personalised ads and content, can be found in the Privacy Manager and at the appropriate place in this privacy policy.
2. Facebook Fanpages
We use Facebook fan pages for which we are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Limited. In joint responsibility with Facebook, we analyse how you use our fan page (Page Insights). You can obtain the information required by the GDPR on data processing in the context of Page Insights from Facebook; currently by name in Facebook's data protection information at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
. Facebook also provides you with the relevant contents of the contract concluded between Facebook and us on processing under joint responsibility in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR; currently under the following link:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
.
You can assert your right to lodge a complaint with any supervisory authority responsible for you and seek legal remedies there. In accordance with the GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data. You can find out more about these and other data subject rights in Facebook's data protection information linked above.
For Page Insights on our Facebook fan pages, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland acts as a common point of contact and processes all requests to assert the rights of data subjects. As part of the Page Insights, we ourselves only receive anonymised statistics - we have no access to personal data processed by Facebook. We process anonymised data on the basis of legal regulations that allow us to process personal data because we have an overriding legitimate interest in gaining a better understanding of the interests of visitors to our fan page (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). Facebook offers various community functions on the fan pages with which you can interact with other users, for example by posting articles, leaving comments or liking or sharing articles. We would like to point out that these areas are publicly accessible and that any personal information you post there or provide when registering can be viewed by others. We cannot control how other users of the fan pages use this information. In particular, we cannot prevent unsolicited messages from being sent to you.
V. Special services
1. In-app purchases via Apple App Store or Google Play
If you use one of our apps, you may have the option of taking out paid subscriptions via in-app purchases. Payment for such subscriptions is processed by the operator of the app store from which you downloaded the app. If you are using an Apple device, this is Apple Distribution International, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, Cork, Republic of Ireland ("Apple"). If you are using a device with an Android operating system with Google Play, this is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. If you take out a subscription as an in-app purchase, your order information will be transmitted to the respective app store operator and linked there to your existing user account for the app store. The data stored in your app store user account will be used for billing purposes and the transmitted data will be used together with the existing data to process the billing. The data stored in your user accounts for billing purposes will not be transmitted to us. For details, please refer to the privacy policies of the app store operators.
2. Push notifications
If you have registered to receive push notifications, you will receive regular information about scores and editorial content selected for you by our team via our push notifications.
To register for the push notifications, you must confirm the request from your end device to receive the notifications. This process is documented and saved by us. The time of registration and a device ID are stored for this purpose. This data is used on the one hand to send you the push notifications and on the other hand as proof of your registration.
For the purpose of constantly optimising our push notifications, we also statistically evaluate user behaviour with regard to our push notifications. This enables us to recognise whether and when our push notifications have been displayed and clicked on. This enables us to determine which push notifications are of interest to recipients in order to tailor future messages to the presumed interests of all recipients and thus increase interest in our offering. In addition to the device ID, we also store the main topics for which the push notifications were activated (e.g. Bundesliga, Real Madrid, etc.). The legal basis for processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.  You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. You can revoke your consent in the settings provided for receiving push notifications on your device.
3. Comment function and surveys
We occasionally offer the option of submitting comments and feedback or reporting bugs and incorrect content as well as participating in surveys, whereby additional personal data that you provide yourself is stored. In these cases, we process the data that you transmit to us. If your entries are intended for publication and you have given your consent, you can submit and subscribe to comments on our online services. The same applies to surveys in which you participate. If you wish to publish a comment, you must complete the fields provided for this purpose. You can also use a pseudonym. If you do not complete the fields, you will not be able to publish a comment. We collect and process the data you provide in order to publish your comment as requested and to be able to check for possible violations of our netiquette rules (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). In particular, we also need your e-mail address in order to contact you in the event of complaints about your comment or report and to give you the opportunity to respond (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR).
4. Your contact
When you contact us, e.g. by e-mail, the data you provide (your e-mail address, your name and telephone number if applicable) will be processed by us in order to deal with your enquiry. We will delete the data collected in this context when it is no longer required for the aforementioned purpose, provided that the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. If you provide us with personal data of another person, you must obtain the express prior consent of this person and inform this person about how we process personal data in accordance with our privacy policy.
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of
                    the privacy policy and is provided by the entity running this Application and, if the case may be, its
                    parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as
                    “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply
                    as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for
                    such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the
                    privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;
the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section
                        titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed
                        information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information;
access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal
                            information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences
                            thereof;
obtain information about the third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for
                            anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and
                            industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based
                            upon
                            your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data
                            Protection
                            Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with
                            the
                            provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an
                            automated
                            decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your
                            personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your
                            personal,
                            professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using
                        the
                        contact details provided in this document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us
                        to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from
                        immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing
                        your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should
                        address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing
                        confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal
                        information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know
                        whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in a simplified
                        fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within
                        15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of your
                        personal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the
                        processing and the purposes of the processing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information
                        blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other
                        parties
                        with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enable such third parties to also
                        comply
                        with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves
                        disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the
                        following
                        cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence,
                            investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international
                            law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life or physical security or those of a third
                            party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation
                            agreement;
when the transfer is necessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of
                            public
                            service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the
                            carrying
                            out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regular exercise of
                            rights
                            in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in
                        this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the
                        Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request,
                        the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the
                        numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the
                        country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the
                        various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the
                        details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of
                        pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT
                        environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with
                        others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security
                        measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified,
                        is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all
                        current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts,
                        e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information
                        on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Last revised:
16.04.2024