Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
July 25, 2022
Our Privacy Policy was last updated and posted on 25 May 2018. It governs the privacy terms of our Websites, including
stampme.com
and the use of our mobile applications. Any capitalised terms not defined in our Privacy Policy, have the meaning as specified in our Terms of Service.
Your Privacy
Stamp Media Pty Ltd follows all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information. You will see terms in our Privacy Policy that are capitalized. These terms have meanings as described in the Definitions section below.
Definitions
“Non Personal Information” is information that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access our Website with a web browser. It may also include publicly available information that is shared between you and others.
“Personally Identifiable Information” is non-public information that is personally identifiable to you and obtained in order for us to provide you relevant information on our Website or to create an account within our loyalty platform and provide you with loyalty offers and promotions from our partner merchants. Personally Identifiable Information may include information such as your name, email address, and other related information that you provide to us or that we obtain about you.
Information We Collect
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website.
As a Visitor, you can browse our website to find out more about our Website and our business. You are not required to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information as a Visitor.
As a user of our mobile applications, you are required to provide us with some Personally Identifiable Information such as name.
For all businesses and customers in Australia, we store all Personally Identifiable Information on servers located in Australia.
Computer Information Collected
When you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered Non-Personal Information. To assist our marketing and help us provide you with the best experience we use some of the best in class, industry standard, web analytics tools such as Google Analytics and Clicky Analytics, you can view their Privacy Policies on the following links –
Google Privacy Policy
and
Clicky Analytics Privacy Policy
. We also collect the following:
Cookies
Our Website uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Automatic Information
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you’re headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve our Website.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we receive from you as follows:
Customising Our Website
We may use the Personally Identifiable information you provide to us along with any computer information we receive to customize our Website.
Sharing Information with Affiliates and Other Third Parties
We will not sell or otherwise provide your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party (unless compelled by law), or make any other use of your personal information, for any purpose which is not incidental to your use of this website or our mobile applications. For the removal of doubt, Personally Identifiable Information will not be used for any purpose that a reasonable person in your position would not expect.
If you request us not to use personal information in a particular manner or at all, we will adopt all reasonable measures to observe your request.
We may provide your Personally Identifiable Information to our partner businesses for marketing purposes. In particular, we will provide our partner businesses that are listed in our mobile applications with your Personally Identifiable Information if you choose to join their offers. These partner business may use this information to provide you with information and offers from their business.
We may provide your Personally Identifiable Information to affiliates that provide services to us with regards to our Website (i.e. payment processors, Website hosting companies, etc.); such affiliates will only receive information necessary to provide the respective services and will be bound by confidentiality agreements limiting the use of such information. We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties outside of Australia, in particular, partner businesses in the US, UK and Canada.
Data Aggregation
We retain the right to collect and use any Non Personal Information collected from your use of our Website and aggregate such data for internal analytics that improve our Website and Service as well as for use or resale to others. At no time is your Personally Identifiable Information included in such data aggregations.
Legally Required Releases of Information
We may be legally required to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information, if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal processes; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members; and/or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of Stamp Media Pty Ltd, our Users, employees, and affiliates.
How to Access and Control Your Information
You have the right to request a copy of your Personally Identifiable Information, request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information or object to the use of your Personally Identifiable Information.
Request a copy of your information
To request a copy of your information, please email
support@stampme.com
with your request including your full name and the registered email address. For email requests, please email the request from the email you used to register for our services. You may also request a copy of your information from within the Stamp Me mobile application. Within the application, go to your settings page and choose the option –
Request Personal Data
. Once we receive and process your request, we will send your information in a standard text format file to your registered email address.
Request the deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information
To request the deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information from our servers, please email
support@stampme.com
with your request including your full name and registered email address. For email requests, please email the request from the email you used to register with our services. You may also request the deletion of your information from within the Stamp Me mobile application. Within the application, go to your settings page and choose the options –
Deactivate & Delete Personal Data
. Once we receive and process your request, we will deactivate your account and delete all your Personally Identifiable Information from our servers. Once your information is deleted, you will no longer be able to use our services, access your account or retrieve any information.
Request to deactivate your account
To request to deactivate your account, please email
support@stampme.com
with your request including your full name and the registered email address. For email requests, please email the request from the email you used to register for our services. Once we receive and process your request, we will deactivate your account, this means you will no longer be able to access your account or use our services. Please be aware that deactivating your account does not delete your information and your account can be reactivated at your request.
Data Retention
We retain personally identifiable information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personally identifiable information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your Data Protection Rights under the European General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing
hello@stampme.com
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personally identifiable information, you can ask us to restrict the processing of your personally identifiable information or request copies of your personally identifiable information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing
hello@stampme.com
or following the instructions stated in this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. For SMS messages please reply to any message received with the word ‘STOP’. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing
hello@stampme.com
.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not under our direct control. These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy. We have no control of or responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. You access such linked Web sites at your own risk. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize your personal information. In addition, these websites may contain a link to Web sites of our affiliates. The websites of our affiliates are not subject to this Privacy Policy, and you should check their individual privacy policies to see how the operators of such websites will utilize your personal information.
Privacy Policy Updates
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions, queries or requests about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us at
privacy@stampme.com
.