Applicability
This Privacy Policy explains to users the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data by the responsible provider LITE Games GmbH (LITE Games) on the websites and the mobile applications distributed by LITE Games (hereinafter “offer”). The protection of the personal data of users and customers is of utmost importance to Lite Games. Lite Games’ data protection policy complies with the applicable legal provisions of the German Federal Data Protection Act (“Bundesdatenschutzgesetz”), the German Telemedia Act “Telemediengesetz”  and the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This Privacy Policy explains which data on these websites is processed by Lite Games and how it is used.
Name and contact details of the person responsible and, if applicable, his or her representative:
Name of the responsible legal person:
LITE Games GmbH
Konsul-Smidt-Straße 8t
28217 Bremen
Commercial Register: HRB 133652 (Hamburg)
Tax number: 42/734/03553
Managing Director: Michael Becker
Contact details of the data protection officer:
privacy@lite.games
Purposes for which the personal data are to be processed:
We collect, store and process personal data when you voluntarily provide it to us in connection with your order or when you contact us. This applies to
– the provision of the respective app,
– and own marketing purposes,
– for our statistics
Legal basis for processing
Your data will be processed on the following legal basis:
– your consent, Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. a) GDPR
– for the execution of a contract with you, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR
– legitimate interest, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR (see below)
Legitimate Interest
We have the following legitimate interests in the processing of your data:
– improvement of our offer
– protection against abuse
– statistics
Recipients or categories of recipients of personal data
When processing your data, we work with the following service providers who have access to your data:
– providers of web analysis tools
Duration for which the personal data is stored
We store your data,
– if you have consented to the processing at most until you revoke your consent,
– if we need the data for the execution of a contract for at most as long as the contractual relationship with you exists or legal retention periods are running,
– if we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest only as long as your interest in deletion or anonymisation does not predominate.
Data Sources
We receive the data from you (including the devices you use).
Data Transfer to Third Countries
There is a data transfer to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory contractual regulations which are intended to ensure an adequate protection of your data and which you can view on request.
Right of access, rectification, cancellation or restriction of processing or right of opposition to processing and data transferability:
You have – partly under certain conditions – the right
– to request information on the processing of your data
– to correct your data,
– to delete or block your data,
– to restrict processing,
– to veto the processing of your data,
– to receive your data in a transferable format and to transmit it to a third party,
– to revoke your consent to the processing of your data in the future and
– to complain to the competent supervisory authority about inadmissible data processing.
Please contact us using
privacy@support.lite.games
and providing relevant identificaion information if you would like us to delete records of your data.
The responsible supervisory authority is the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (HmbBfDI). Should you revoke your acceptance of our Privacy Policy you are no longer allowed to use our app.
Requirement or obligation to provide data
Unless expressly stated otherwise the provision of data is never required or obligatory.
Further information on data protection
Automatic Storage of Access Data
Every time a user accesses the Lite Games website, the access data of the process is automatically stored in a log file. This is general information, such as the page from which the file was requested, the name of the file retrieved, the date and time of the call, the amount of data transferred, the protocol used and the description sent by the Internet browser and, if applicable, that of the operating system.
This general information is anonymized, i.e. it is not stored together with any of your personal data held by Lite Games and is not otherwise merged with it. They are only evaluated for statistical purposes and used to improve the content and functionality of the website. These data are not passed on to third parties for other non-commercial or commercial purposes. The access data is stored in the log file for a maximum of 10 weeks.
Contact Form
The contact form on our website is an easy way to contact us quickly. To enable us to contact you, some fields are marked as mandatory. If you fill in the fields and choose “Send”, you agree that your data will be sent to us with the message by e-mail. The data is not stored on the web server. This Support section of our website is managed using a third party software "Freshdesk" by Freshworks, a fully GDPR compliant company. You can find out more about Freshworks' privacy policy here:
https://freshdesk.com/gdpr
Cookies
This website also uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a text file with an identification number that is transmitted to the user’s computer and stored there together with the other data actually requested when using the website. The file is kept there for later access and serves to authenticate the user.
Since cookies are only simple files and not executable programs, they pose no danger to your computer. Cookies do not contain any personal data, so that the protection of privacy is guaranteed. Depending on the selected setting of the Internet browser by the user, the user automatically accepts cookies. However, this setting can be changed and the storage of cookies deactivated or set in such a way that the user is notified as soon as a cookie is set. However, if the use of cookies is deactivated, some functions of the website may not be available or only to a limited extent.
The Lite Games website uses temporary (so-called “session”) cookies, i.e. cookies that are only valid for the period of a so-called “session” and are automatically deleted when the browser ends. Lite Games may link to other websites where cookies may also be used.
For more information on what cookies are and how you can delete them, please visit:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
Use of the “Google Analytics” analysis tool
We use the Google Analytics service of Google Inc. This service enables an analysis of the use of our Internet pages and uses cookies for this purpose. For this purpose, the information generated by the cookie, such as your anonymized IP address, is transmitted on our behalf to a server of Google Inc. in the USA, stored there and evaluated. The IP address is only incompletely transmitted because the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” has been added to this website’s code. The adding of the code ensures that IP addresses are collected anonymously. Your IP address is usually made anonymous by Google Inc. reducing your IP address within the European Union or in other contracting states of the European Economic Area (EEA). In exceptional cases, your IP address will be transmitted to a Google Inc. server in the USA and anonymized there. Your IP address transmitted here will not be merged with other data from Google Inc. You can object to the collection of your data by Google Analytics at any time. You have the following options:
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can prevent the use of cookies by setting your browser; in this case, however, not all functions of the website may be available. You must make the settings separately for each browser that you use.
You can also prevent Google Inc. from collecting and processing this data by downloading and installing the browser ad on available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Alternatively or within browsers on mobile devices, please click on the following link:
Disable Google Analytics
. An opt-out cookie is stored on your device for our Internet pages with effect for your current browser. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click on that link again.
For more information on Terms of Use and Privacy please visit
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
or
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en
Operation of "landing pages" via the provider Landingi:
For some of our games, we operate so-called "landing pages" on specially designated domains in order to make our games easier to find on the Internet (for example:
www.othello.online
,
www.yatzyblitz.app
or
www.free-canasta.app
). We operate these landing pages via the Polish platform Landingi, which processes 100% DSGVO-compliant (
https://landingi.com/gdpr/
).
You might also want to read further information on our
Social Media Pages
and/or our
Mobile Apps