Privacy Policy
Zen Labs LLC (“us” or “we”) is committed to protecting your online and mobile privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Zen Labs LLC apps and website. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully to learn what information we collect from you and how we use that information.
Outlogic
California Users:
If you are located in California, then under the CCPA, you have a right to opt-out of the sale of your information. To do this, please head over to Outlogic’s
“Opt-out/Do Not Sell” Form
.
Outlogic collects and passes to third parties a variety of information for use as described below:
When this app is in use (or running in the background) we collect and share with our business partners certain device and location data: Precise location data of the device, WiFi signals or Bluetooth Low Energy devices in your proximity, device-based advertising identifiers, app names and/or identifiers, and information about your mobile device such as type of device, operating system version and type, device settings, time zone, carrier, and IP address. That data may be used for the following purposes: (a) to customize and measure ads in apps and other advertising; (b) for app and user analytics; (c) for disease prevention, and cybersecurity,; (d) for market, civic or other research regarding aggregated human foot and traffic patterns, and (e) to generate proprietary pseudonymized identifiers tied to the information collected for the above purposes.
You may opt out of the above usage by (1) follow the instructions in
Outlogic’s Privacy Policy
, or (2) for a platform-based opt-out of interest-based or “personalized” advertising, go to your device settings and opt out of interest-based or personalized advertising (iOS: Settings → General → Privacy → Advertising →Limit Ad-Tracking; Android: Settings →
Google → Ads → Opt out of Ads Personalization). You may also prevent location from being collected by this or other apps through your location permission settings.
What’s Collected:
Precise location information (such as your device GPS coordinates), relative location information (from WiFi signals or Bluetooth Low Energy devices in your proximity, for example), device-based advertising identifiers, information about your mobile device such as type of device, operating system version and type, device settings, time zone, carrier and IP address.
When We Collect It:
When the app is in use or running in the background.
How We Use and Share It:
We and other third parties may use the information (a) to customize ads in this or other apps (for instance, if your device is often located at or near music venues, you might receive offers for music tickets); (b) to measure effectiveness of those ads; (c) for disease prevention and research, security, anti-crime and law enforcement; or (d) for market, civic or other research regarding aggregated traffic patterns (for instance, a company that analyzes shopping trends might want to learn whether more or fewer devices are seen near malls or in other shopping districts).
Sense360
California Users:
If you are located in California, then under the CCPA, you have a right to opt-out of the collection of your information. Sense360 does not “sell” and in the past 12 months have not “sold” any “personal information” they have collected from a Sense360 Enabled App, as those terms are defined under the CCPA. To opt-out, please head over to Sense360’s
“Opt-out” Form
.
For users in North America, some of Zen Labs LLC’s apps may share your device’s precise geolocation and other details about your device (like hardware characteristics, a variety of sensor data, and a list of installed third-party applications) with our partner Sense360 on an ongoing basis, including when the apps are closed. This information is sent with the device’s advertising identifier or another unique device-specific code. Sense360 may use all of this information for market research and other research regarding aggregated patterns, and as further described in its
Privacy Policy
, which has more detail on the entire process. For example, Sense360 analyzes restaurant visit trends to help their clients create new food and coupon offerings to better serve customers’ needs. You can use your device settings to (i) disable or limit precise geolocation collection for the entire device or particular apps, which may affect the functionality of certain app features and/or (ii) disable or limit use of the advertising identifier (which will block that identifier’s transmission to Sense360).
ADDENDUM FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENT’S PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. This section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of California (“California Consumer”) and uses our Services. This Addendum supplements the information in the
Privacy Policy
. However, this Addendum is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, California Consumers: if you are not a California Consumer (or a resident of California), this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
In the below tables and sections, we describe (as required by the CCPA):
The Categories of Personal Information we Collect, Use, and Share with Third Parties
Our Business Purposes for Collecting and Sharing Personal Information
Your California Privacy Rights and Choices
(Section 3)
Right to Opt-out of the sale of your personal information
Right to request Deletion of your personal information
Right to request Access to your personal information
Exercising Your Rights & Submitting a Verifiable Consumer Request
Right to Nondiscrimination
Information about Persons Under 16 Years of Age
Authorized Agents
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use California Consumers’ personal information:
OUR COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following tables describe:
Our Collection of Personal Information:
the types of Personal Information that we collect and the types of sources we collect it from. “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Our Collection of Personal Information:
the types of recipients and/or Third Parties to whom we disclose or sell Personal Information and have disclosed or sold Personal Information to within the past 12 months.
Our Business Purposes:
our business purposes for (a) collecting and (b) sharing Personal Information, which are generally the same.
All of the information below is subject to your Right to Access:
Category:
Identifiers
(e.g., online identifiers; IP address; mobile ad identifiers, other online or advertising platform identifiers)
We Currently Collect/Use this Category of Personal Information:
YES
The Sources we collect this Category of Personal Information from:
Data analystics providers and data compilers
Third party mobile applications and websites
Customer Categories
We Have “Sold” this Category of Personal Information in the Past 12 Months:
YES
This Category of Personal Information was shared with the following Categories of Third Parties for Business Purpose(s):
Data analystics providers and data compilers
Third party mobile applications and websites
Customer Categories
We also may share any of the personal information we collect as follows:
Sharing for Legal Purposes:
In addition, we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with an official legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, and spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
Sharing In Event of a Corporate Transaction:
We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
Sharing With Service Providers:
We share any personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services.
Sharing of Aggregate Information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“Aggregate/De-Identified Information”). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion.
Outlogic & Trusted Partners
Adder
Adform
Adobe
AdSquare
Advan Research Company
Affinity Answers
AirSage
Amazon
Amazon Web Services – AWS Offerings
Amobee
Analytic Services LLC dba Culmen International
AppliedPost
AppNexus Inc.
Arrivalist
AT&T
Atlassian
AWS
BattleFin
Bazze
Billups
Blis
Block by Block
Blogwatcher Inc.
CACI
Carbon Reach
CARTO
Camber Systems
Cisco Systems, Inc. (Meraki LLC)
Civilia
Clear Channel
Complementics
Connected2Fiber, Inc
Crossover Communications Ltd.
Crux
Cuende
DDQI
Descartes Labs, Inc.
Digital Envoy
Ecopia Tech
Eyeota
Facebook
Factual
GEOBLINK SL
GeoUniq
Google
GroundTruth
Gyana
HERE Technologies
Hubspot
Hyas
Infinia Mobile
InMarket
Intersection
JCDecaux UK Limited
JLL
Jorte
Kairos Fire
Kalibrate
Kantar Media
Kisio Consulting
Liveramp
Location Sciences
Locomizer
LoopMe
Lotame
M1 Data and Analytics
Macefusion
Market Services Inc. (AggData)
Maxar
MediaMath
Merkle
Microsoft
MiQ
Mobilewalla
MyTraffic
Native Touch
nContext
Nearco
Neustar
Nielsen
Nodle International
NYBSYS
OmniSci
On Device Research
ONICS-IT
OnSpot Data
Optibus
Place Dashboard
Placense
Posterscope
PushSpring
Quorum Data Inc.
Reveal Mobile
Roq.ad
S4M
Salesforce
Sense360
Shopfully
Sierra Nevada Corporation
Singlespot
Siren
Situ8ed
Skyhook Wireless
Spur Intelligence
Statiq
StreetMetrics
Systems and Technology Research
Talon Outdoor Limited
Targomo
Team Cymru
Tectonix
Telefonica
The Floow
The Rubicon Project, Limited
The Trade Desk, Inc and affiliated companies
Tiendeo
UberMedia
Ubimo, Inc
University of Virginia
Wireless Registry dba SignalFrame
Outlogic
xAd, Inc. dba GroundTruth
Xandr
Zeotap