Close Window
Print
Where is Santa - Santa Tracker
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 8, 2017
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use information when you interact with us. This Privacy Statement applies to all users of "Where is Santa - Santa Tracker" mobile application.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
http://www.superkiddostudio.com/Support.php
or email to:
privacy@superkiddostudio.com
.
Information Collection and Use
(i).We only collect anonymous information
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
(ii).We do not store or share your precise location
To customize the app appearance and provide better service for you, we may collect your precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used only within the application ("Where is Santa - Santa Tracker"). We may obtain your consent on your first use of the service and we do not store or share your precise location data.
Advertisements
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
Microsoft Advertising:
https://choice.microsoft.com/AdvertisementChoice/
Millennial Media:
http://www.millennialmedia.com/privacy-policy/
Google:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
One by AOL:
http://privacy.aol.com/privacy-policy/
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
To operate the service, we also may make anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information about our privacy practices.
Last Updated: December 8, 2017
Copyright ©2009-2017 SuperKiddoStudio.com, All Rights Reserved.