Saturday, July 21, 2018
개인정보처리방침
D&D Dream 개인정보 처리방침
D&D Dream(이하 '당사'라고 칭함)는 개인정보 보호법 제30조에 따라 정보주체(고객)의 개인정보를 보호하고 이와 관련한 고충을 신속하고 원활하게 처리할 수 있도록 하기 위하여 다음과 같이 개인정보 처리지침을 수립․공개합니다.
1. 개인정보의 처리목적 당사는 다음의 목적을 위하여 개인정보를 처리하고 있으며, 다음의 목적 이외의 용도로는 이용하지 않습니다.
① 게임센타
당사는 애플 게임센타 의 업적, 랭킹등의 서비스를 이용하기 위하여 게임센타 기능을 이용합니다.
본 어플리케이션은 개인정보를 수집하지 않는 독립 실행형 어플리케이션으로 별도의 서버를 운영하거나 정보를 수집하지 않습니다.
② 개인정보 저장 및 삭제
당사는 애플 앱스토어의 기능을 이용하기 위한 기능 이외의 리워드용 광고서비스 등에서 각 서비스 주체가 사용하는 정보이외의 정보를 수집하지 않으며 당사에서 개인정보를 별도로 저장하거나 이용하지 않습니다.
2. 개인정보의 처리 및 보유기간
① 당사는 사용자의 기기에서만 독립적으로 실행하는 앱을 서비스하며 별도의 개인정보를 저장하지 않습니다.
② 당사는 쿠기를 저장하지 않으며 이용하지 않습니다.
③ 단, 게임내 구매, 업적등의 스토어 서비스가 이용하는 정보는 해당 서비스의 SDK를 거쳐 이용하게 됩니다. 이는 당사에 저장되는 정보가 아닙니다.
이용자가 이에 대해 의문이 있다면 해당 서비스(구글 및 애플, 각 광고 미디어)로 직접 연락해야 합니다.
위의 ①,②,③에 의하여 개인정보의 보유기간은 없습니다.
3. 개인정보의 제3자 제공
당사는 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하지 않습니다.
4. 개인정보처리의 위탁
당사는 개인정보를 외부에 위탁하지 않습니다.
5. 정보주체와 법정대리인의 권리․의무 및 행사방법 정보주체는 D&D Dream에 대해 언제든지 다음 각 호의 개인정보 보호 관련 권리를 행사할 수 있습니다.
1. 개인정보 열람요구
2. 개인정보에 오류 등이 있을 경우 정정 요구
3. 삭제요구
4. 처리정지 요구
당사의 앱은 사용자의 로컬에서 서비스되며 별도의 서버에 개인정보를 저장하거나, 제3자에게 제공하거나 , 위탁하지 않습니다.
6. 개인정보의 파기
당사의 앱은 사용자의 로컬에서 서비스되며 별도의 서버에 개인정보를 저장하거나, 제3자에게 제공하거나 , 위탁하지 않으므로 별도의 파기절차는 필요하지 않습니다.
그러나 사용자가 원할 경우 어플리케이션을 '삭제'함으로서 모든 데이터를 파기할 수 있습니다.
7. 개인정보의 안전성 확보조치 당사는 개인정보의 안전성 확보를 위해 다음과 같은 조치를 취하고 있습니다.
- 물리적 조치 : 개인정보를 별도의 서버에 저장하지 않습니다.
8. 개인정보 보호책임자 당사는 개인정보 처리에 관한 업무를 총괄해서 책임지고, 개인정보 처리와 관련한 정보주체의 불만처리 및 피해구제를 처리하기 위하여 아래와 같이 개인정보 보호책임자를 지정하고 있습니다.
▶ 개인정보 보호책임자 : game@dnddream.com
9. 개인정보 처리방침 변경 이 개인정보 처리방침은 2018. 7. 21.부터 적용됩니다.
D&D Dream Privacy Policy
D&D Dream shall protect the personal information and provide the following personal information processing guidelines Establishment.
1. Purpose of Processing Personal Information
We handle personal information for the following purposes and we do not use it for purposes other than the following purposes.
① GameCenter
We use the features of the GameCenter to take advantage of GameCenter achievements, ranking, and other services.
This application is a standalone application that does not collect personal information and does not operate a separate server or collect information.
② Save and delete personal information
We do not collect information and we do not store or use personal information separately.
2. Processing and Retention Period of Personal Information
① We serve apps that run independently on your device and do not store any personal information.
② We do not use cookies and do not use them.
③ Personal information used by store services such as in-game purchases and achievements will be used through the SDK of the corresponding service. This is not information that we store.
If you have questions about this, you should contact them directly (Google and Apple, each advertising media).
Mentioned ①, ②, ③ ,  No personal information is retained
3. Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We do not provide personal information to third parties.
4. Commitment of personal information
We do not charge personal information to outside parties.
5. Privacy rights with respect to D&D Dream at any time:
1. Personal information request
2. If there is an error in personal information,
3. Delete request
4. Process stop request
Our apps are serviced locally by you and do not store, consign, or consign your personal information to a third party.
6. Destruction of personal information
Our apps are serviced locally by you, So no separate destruction is required.
However, if you want, you can destroy all data by 'deleting' the application.
7. Measures to Ensure the Safety of Personal Information
- Physical action: Do not store personal information on a separate server.
8.Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at game@dnddream.com
9. This personal information processing policy will be effective since July 21, 2018.