This hyperlink will bring to you to another website on the Internet, which is published and operated by a third party which is not owned, controlled or affiliated with or in any way related to Standard Chartered Bank Limited or any member of Standard Chartered Group ( the "Bank").
The hyperlink is provided for your convenience and presented for information purposes only. The provision of the hyperlink does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, approval, warranty or representation, express or implied, by the Bank of any third party or the hypertext link, product, service or information contained or available therein.
The Bank does not have any control (editorial or otherwise) over the linked third party website and is not in any way responsible for the contents available therein. You use or follow this link at your own risk. To the extent permissible by law, the Bank shall not be responsible for any damage or losses incurred or suffered by you arising out of or in connection with your use of the link.
Please be mindful that when you click on the link and open a new window in your browser, you will be subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of the third party website that you are going to visit.
Proceed to third party website
wealth
Investment Product, Insurance, Structured Deposit and Foreign Exchange
online-banking
Other Online Banking Services (including Fixed Deposits, Fund Transfers, View Balance,
      etc.)
Cancel
Cancel
Effective Date: 03/02/2023
Issuance Date: 03/02/2023
Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited (
“we”
,
“us”
or
“SCB China”
) is fully aware of the importance of personal information to you and strives at all times to respect and protect your privacy. We therefore formulate this Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited Privacy Policy (
“Policy”
) to better explain how we collect, store, protect, use and disclose personal information and to help you understand the rights you have.
This Policy applies to personal information (including sensitive personal information) involved of you and relevant party when you access, browse and use our websites and mobile applications, apply for or use our products or services, transact business in various channels or trade with us, visit our offices, attend our events, accept our sponsorship or donations, apply for our positions, and otherwise interact with us.
This Policy is closely related to your use of our services and/or contact with us. We advise you to carefully read and understand this Policy in full. The provisions in this Policy which have a material impact on your rights and interests and the sensitive personal information are IN BOLD for your special attention. Please do not
use our services or contact us if you do not understand or accept this Policy in full.
We may establish specific privacy policies for specific channels, products, services, businesses, and activities (e.g., specific privacy policies for online banking and mobile banking). Where such specific privacy policies exist, such specific privacy policies will apply to the extent determined by them. In addition, we may, in some cases, provide you with separate subject-specific notice letter to further disclose how we process certain personal information. Such notice letter, which supplements this Policy, this Policy and the related specific privacy policies constitute the complete rules for processing your personal information all together.
Should you have any question, comment or suggestion, please contact us at:
Our company name: Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited
Our address: 201 Century Avenue, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China
Our official website:
https://www.sc.com/cn/contact-us/
Our customer service hotline: 956083 or (0755)33382730
Calling from Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan & Overseas: (86-755) 956083 or (86-755)33382730
Customer compliant hotline: 400-8888-293
This Policy will help you to understand:
I. How we collect and use your personal information
II. Cookies and similar technologies
III. How we entrust the processing of, and share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
IV. Exceptions to obtaining consent
V. How we store your personal information
VI. How we protect your personal information
VII. How you could manage your personal information
VIII. How we protect the personal information of minors
IX. How we update this Policy
X. How to contact us
XI. Miscellaneous
–
I. How we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to various information related to an identified or identifiable natural person recorded electronically or by other means, but does not include anonymized information. As a commercial bank, the personal information we collect from you may also be considered as personal financial information, including but not limited to the account information, authentication information (including personal biometrics information used to authenticate your or relevant party’s identity), financial transaction information, personal identity information, property information, loan information, credit information, personal transaction or risk preference, risk appetite, investment intention, investment goal, knowledge and experience, etc.
Sensitive personal information refers to the personal information that is likely to result in damage to the personal dignity of any natural person or damage to his or her personal or property safety once disclosed or illegally used, including such information as biometric identification, religious belief, specific identity, medical health, financial account and whereabouts and tracks, as well as the personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. We will process your sensitive personal information only when there is a specific purpose, when it is of necessity, and under the circumstance where strict protective measures are taken.
(A) How we collect your personal information
In the course of our business, we may collect and use personal information of you and/or relevant party to provide products and services to you and/or relevant party, to contact and communicate, to maintain proper and safe operation of our business and to prevent and control risks, to enhance and improve user experience, and to perform various legal obligations. We have described below the personal information we may collect and use in different business scenarios.
To provide the products or services listed below to you as an individual customer, the personal information we may collect and use is set out in the table below. These personal information is necessary to provide you with products or services, to conclude or perform our agreements with you, and to enable us to perform our legal obligations; if you refuse to provide relevant personal information (or provide incomplete, inaccurate or untrue information), we may not be able to provide you or relevant party with the relevant products or services.
BUSINESS SCENARIOS
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND USE
To provide/handle services, products or business for you to open bank account, to apply for/collect bank card, to process savings, money receiving, payment or transfer, credit card, loan business, purchase investment, insurance or other financial products/services, and open and use specific channels including digital banking (online banking and mobile banking), video banking, phone banking and etc.
(1)     Personal identity information, including name, gender, nationality, citizenship, registered residence (Hu Kou), ethnic, copy and type/number/validity period of ID certificate, occupation, education, diploma, working experience, telephone number, e-mail, contact information, age, date of birth, place of birth, marital status, health status, family status, guardian relationship information, place of residence, work address, photo, social security information, personal virtual identity and authentication information (e.g., Internet Banking account information), FATCA US person information and CRS tax residency information and any relationship with politically exposed person or senior management of international organization and relevant information etc.;
(2)     Personal property information, including personal income, real property, movable property (e.g., vehicle, financial assets, etc.), indebtedness, investment, tax-paid amount, tax residence, taxpayer identification number, amount paid for the provident fund, etc.;
(3)     Personal biometrics information, such as handwriting, figure and gait, fingerprint, voiceprint, face recognition information, etc.;
(4)     Personal account information, including account number, debit card number, credit card number, credential and verification number, time of account opening, institution with which the account is opened, account balance, account transaction information, details of payees, etc.;
(5)     Personal credit information, including credit card, loan, credit report and other credit transaction information, litigation and investigation information, penalty and any other information about personal credit status;
(6)     Personal financial transaction information, including transaction information acquired, kept, recorded during any payment, settlement, wealth management, use of safe deposit box or other banking business, transaction information generated from business made through us with any third party institution like insurance company, securities company, fund house, futures company or payment agency, and etc.;
(7)     Personal transaction or risk preference, risk appetite, investment intention, investment goal, knowledge and experience;
(8)     Any other information, e.g., information about your contacts (such as the names, phone numbers, addresses and relationship information of your friends or relatives), time/location (including geographic location and network address) of business handling and service use, purpose of transaction, correspondence or other communication records between us (including video or audio records, call log, text chat, correspondence records and contents), device identifier and code, hardware type and serial number, operating system version, software version, IP address, network service provider, operation logs and records, etc.
To provide or propose to provide guarantees from you or relevant party for obligations owed by our customer to us, the personal information we may collect and use in the relevant business scenario is set out in the table below. These personal information is necessary to our customer guaranteed by you or relevant party, to conclude or perform relevant agreements, and to enable us to perform our legal obligations; if you refuse to provide such personal information (or provide incomplete, inaccurate or untrue information), we may not be able to provide you or relevant party with the relevant products or services, or to complete the guarantee procedures for our customer.
BUSINESS SCENARIOS
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND USE
To provide or propose to provide guarantees from you or relevant party for obligations owed by our customer to us.
(1)     Personal identity information, including name, gender, nationality, type/number/validity period of ID certificate, work unit, job position, relationship of you or relevant party with relevant customers (such as employment/shareholding/investment relationship), telephone number, e-mail, contact information, date of birth, place of birth, place of residence, work address, photo, education background, any relationship with politically exposed person or senior management of international organization and relevant information etc.;
(2)     Personal property information, including personal income, real property, movable property (e.g., vehicle, financial assets, etc.), indebtedness, investment, tax-paid amount, tax residence, taxpayer identification number, amount paid for the provident fund, etc.;
(3)     Personal biometrics information, such as handwriting, figure and gait, fingerprint, voiceprint, face recognition information, etc.;
(4)     Personal account information, including account number, time of account opening, institution with which the account is opened, account balance, account transaction information, etc.;
(5)     Personal credit information, including credit card, loan and other credit transaction information, litigation and investigation information, penalty and any other information about personal credit status;
(6)     Personal information arising from customer investigation, e.g., personal information collected during customer due diligence, sanctions or anti-money laundering checks etc.;
(7)     Any other information acquired during the establishment or maintenance of business relationship for the performance of contracts or for compliance with laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, e.g., person information included in the customer documentation, personal information arising from any suspicious and unusual activity investigation, network identifier data provided by third-party partners, e.g., Alipay account number, correspondence or other communication records between you or relevant party and us (including video or audio records, call log, text chat, correspondence records and contents), device identifier and code, hardware type and serial number, operating system version, software version, IP address, network service provider etc.
To provide banking products/services or businesses to our prospect or existing non-individual customers and to maintain proper and secure operation of banking business, to prevent and control banking related risk and to perform various legal obligations, and you or relevant party is a connected person of our prospect or existing non-individual customers, the personal information we may collect and use in the relevant business scenario is set out in the table below. These personal information is necessary to provide our prospect or existing non-individual customers with products or services, to conclude or perform relevant agreements, and to enable us to perform our legal obligations; if you or relevant party refuse to provide such personal information (or provide incomplete, inaccurate or untrue information), we may not be able to provide the prospect or existing non-individual customers with the relevant products or services.
(The above-mentioned connected person means any other person with whom our prospect or existing non-individual customer has a relationship, including but not limited to, the legal representative, a director, supervisor or employee of a company, partners or members of a partnership, any shareholder, substantial owner, controlling person, ultimate beneficiary, or beneficial owner, trustee, settler or protector of a trust, account holder of a designated account, payee of a designated payment, representative, agent or nominee of the account holder, the account holder’s principal where the account holder is acting on another’s behalf, authorized person, and signatory.)
BUSINESS SCENARIOS
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND USE
To provide banking products/services or businesses to our prospect or existing non-individual customers, e.g., corporate and institutional customers
(1)     Personal identity information, including name, gender, nationality, type/number/validity period of ID certificate, work unit, job position, relationship of you or relevant party with relevant customers (such as employment/shareholding/investment relationship), telephone number, e-mail, contact information, date of birth, place of birth, place of residence, work address, photo, educational background, qualifications and work experience, personal virtual identity and authentication information (e.g., login information required for corporate internet banking and APP), any relationship with politically exposed person or senior management of international organization and relevant information etc.;
(2)     Personal biometrics information, such as handwriting, figure and gait, fingerprint, voiceprint, face recognition information;
(3)     Personal credit information, including sources of wealth, litigation and investigation information, penalty and any other information about personal credit status;
(4)     Personal information arising from customer investigation, e.g., personal information collected during customer due diligence, sanctions or anti-money laundering checks etc.;
(5)     Any other information acquired during the establishment or maintenance of business relationship for the performance of contracts or for compliance with laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, e.g., person information included in the customer documentation, personal information arising from any suspicious and unusual activity investigation, correspondence or other communication records between you or relevant party and us (including video or audio records, call log, text chat, correspondence records and contents), device identifier and code, hardware type and serial number, operating system version, software version, IP address, network service provider etc.
To provide our prospect or existing customers or relevant party with messages and marketing information, the personal information we may collect and use is set out in the table below. These personal information is necessary to provide you with marketing information and personalized service as agreed by you.
If you do not wish to receive relevant information, messages or services, we will provide you with an opt-out option as required by law or regulation. Please be assured that refusal to provide relevant information will not affect your access, browse, or use of our website, mobile application, or other products or services.
BUSINESS SCENARIOS
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND USE
To provide you with marketing information and personalized service, e.g., to receive marketing messages and business information from us, to participate in our online events and to experience our other services.
Personal identity information, including name, gender, nationality, citizenship, place of domicile (Hu Kou), type/number of ID certificate, occupation, education background, working experience, telephone number, e-mail, contact information, place of residence, personal virtual identity, etc.
If you are our business partner or a job seeker interested in joining us, the personal information we may collect and use in the course of your interactions with us is set out in the table below. These personal information is necessary to conduct business with you or to conduct recruitment and applicant screening; if you refuse to provide relevant personal information (or provide incomplete, inaccurate or untrue information), we may not be able to conduct business with you or process your job application.
BUSINESS SCENARIOS
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND USE
To conduct business with you
Personal contact information, including name, telephone number, e-mail, address, work unit, job position, etc.
To process your job application
(1)     Personal identity information, including photo, name, gender, nationality, citizenship, nationality/ethnicity, place of domicile (Hu Kou), type/number of ID certificate (passport or other document issued by the government), work permit (if applicable), date of birth, country of birth, national/social security number or tax-related number, telephone number, e-mail, contact information, place of residence, working address, political profile, information of trade union membership, occupation, education background, working experience (including employer, position/department, supervisor, period of employment, salary, employment contract/engagement letter, reason for leaving, etc.), skills and qualifications information (including language skills), marital status, family situation (including the names of family members, relationship with you, work unit and position, contact information), emergency contact information, health information (including physical health status, psychological testing results);
(2)     The information relevant to the background check, including information on educational background, working experience, skills and qualifications information, personal credit report, disciplinary/punishment records (if any), litigation records (if any), and criminal records (if any);
(3)     Video surveillance footage (if you need to visit our premises offline for an interview or for related procedures).
When you visit, browse, or use our websites, mobile application as a visitor or as our customer, we may use Cookies to automatically collect certain information from your device. (See section II of this Policy “Cookies and similar technologies” for more information.)
Our products and services are updating and developing constantly. If you choose to use any other service not listed above for which we have to collect your or relevant party’s personal information, we will separately explain to you, the purposes, methods, and scope of personal information we collect, process or disclose by means of reminders, notices, interactive process, application documents, agreements or other appropriate method.
(B) How we use your personal information
To achieve the purposes described in section (A) “How we collect your personal information” above, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
To evaluate your and/or relevant party’s credit status, to process loan, financing or other banking services request;
To ensure the stability and security of our services, personal information may be used for verifying identity, safeguarding, monitoring fraud, preventing or prohibiting illegal activities, minimizing risks or for archival and backup purposes;
To invite you to take part in customer surveys on our services, products or functions based on your prior consent;
To perform obligations in relation to customer due diligence, anti-money laundering, real name supervision, reporting or information reporting to relevant authorities, and others required by laws and regulations;
To provide with you more accurate, personalized, smooth and easy-to-access services, or to seek for your help with evaluating, improving or designing our products, services and operational activities, to de-identify or desensitize personal information and aggregate them for analysis and processing;
To ensure that we can provide and maintain regular banking services, e.g., the information storage or other outsourcing services provided by related companies to us, debt collection agency or printing vendor, etc.;
To ensure regular credit check and post-loan management;
To assist other institutions to conduct credit checks and collect debts;
To ensure ongoing credit worthiness of you and/or relevant party;
To design or improve financial products, financial services or related products;
To market financial products, financial services or related products, including but not limited to the marketing to you and/or relevant party via brochure, telephone calls, short messages, fax, and email based on your prior consent;
To determine your and/or relevant party’s amount of indebtedness owed to or by us, collect and liquidate debts, including without limitation the enforcement of creditor’s rights or security interests;
To disclose to the actual or potential assignee, or participant or sub-participant in relation to any of our rights and/or obligations and their agents and consultants so that they can evaluate the intended assignment, participation or sub-participation, to facilitate us to re-allocate and transfer its asset in the secondary market for a financial management purpose;
To disclose to third parties where necessary, e.g., to disclose so that relevant information and data can be consolidated from the perspectives of accounting, audit, financial, tax and compliance in accordance with applicable laws or exchange rules as our affiliated group or any related company is a listed company or an institution particularly chartered; to disclose to service providers who offer hubbing processing and other outsourcing services to us which is an integral part of banking services; to disclose to insurance companies, professional consultants and audit agencies for risk diversification or assessment purposes; to disclose to rating agencies, insurance institutions and credit protection providers which is necessitated by the inherent design of relevant financial products; to disclose to any service providers in cooperation with us for the purpose of prevention of fraud risks, risk controls etc.; and to disclose for other purposes relating to the above and as agreed with you and/or relevant party.
When you visit, browse, use our website and/or mobile application as our visitor or our customer, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
To respond to and be responsive to your inquiries and requests;
To provide information, products or services that you wish to obtain or that may be of interest to you as agreed by you;
To perform our agreements with you;
To enable you to use the interactive features of the website and/or mobile application;
To inform you of any changes to the website and/or mobile application;
To enhance your user experience;
To maintain the proper and secure operation of the website/mobile application and banking operations and services, to prevent and control risks, and to detect and prevent improper use of our website/mobile application, products or services;
To perform our legal obligations, compliance responsibilities, and to comply with or enforce any applicable laws and regulations;
To conduct statistical analysis of our business, products, services, and function usage.
We will ask for your prior consent when required by applicable laws and regulations if we need to use any information for any purpose other than the one for which it is collected.
–
II. Cookies and similar technologies
When you visit, browse, or use our websites, mobile applications, we may use Cookies to automatically collect certain information from your device. We use such information for internal analysis and troubleshooting, to improve the quality of our content, and to determine the security status of your account. We also need to keep appropriate logs to record the status of our websites and mobile applications in order to comply with Chinese laws and regulations. Cookies store anonymous statistics only and do not involve name, address, telephone, email address and other personal contact information. You may choose to erase all Cookies stored on your browser at any time by using the “Clear Browsing Data” function of your browser.
Please see our Cookie Policy at
https://www.sc.com/cn/en/cookie-policy/
for more information on how we use cookies, and you can also set your cookie preferences in the “Cookie Management” link at the bottom of the page.
–
III. How we entrust the processing of, and share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
(A) Entrusting the processing
We may entrust our affiliated companies and third-party service providers who provide products and/or services to us and partners to process your personal information on our behalf, for example:
Disclosure to professional consultants (including auditors), insurance companies based on the need to spread risk and assess risk.
Disclosure to third-party service providers, agents or independent contract employees who provide services in support of our business.
Our other supplier, service provider and other partner.
We will sign written agreements with third parties that we entrust the processing of personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our requirements, this Policy and the requirements of laws and regulations.
(B) Sharing
We will only share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than SCB China under the following circumstances:
Sharing with separate consent: we will share your personal information with others upon obtaining your separate consent.
Circumstances necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts with you.
We may disclose your personal information as required under applicable laws and regulations or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of relevant government authorities, courts, regulators, tax authorities, or any other authorities (including any authority that investigates criminal activities).
Disclosure to your legal guardian or heir upon your death or loss of legal capacity so that he/she may make payments from your account.
Sharing with our affiliates: your personal information may be shared with SCB China’s branches and sub-branches to the extent necessary and solely for the purposes stated in this Policy. We will seek your consent when required by applicable laws and regulations if there is any change in the purpose of use of your personal information by any of our affiliates.
Sharing with our authorized partners: for the sole purpose of serving the purposes stated in this Policy, some of our services will be provided by our authorized partners in the course of performance of our agreement with you, or your personal information has to be provided to our partners in order to fulfill the purpose of your transaction. For such purpose and to such extent, we will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, particular and specific purposes, and we will only share the personal information that is necessary for the provision of services. Our partners have no right to use the personal information we share with them for any other purposes.
When you apply for our position, we may inquire and verify your information with relevant third party in background check.
We will inform you of the relevant matters regarding the provision of your personal information to third parties when required by applicable laws and regulations, including the identity of the recipient of the personal information, contact information, the purpose of processing, the manner of processing and the type of personal information (and, in the case of cross-border data transfers, the manner and procedures for you to exercise your relevant rights against the foreign recipient of the personal information), for example through the relevant specific privacy policy, authorization letter.
(C) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except:
We may transfer your personal information to others after obtaining your separate consent.
In the case of mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcy, liquidation, transfer of assets or other similar transactions where transfer of personal information is required, we will request the succeeding company or organization holding your personal information to be bound by this Policy; otherwise, the company or organization will inform you and seek your consent in advance when required by applicable laws and regulations.
(D) Public Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information to the public in the following circumstances:
After obtaining your separate consent.
We may disclose your personal information publicly to the extent and in the manner required mandatorily by law, regulation, justice, legal proceedings, or mandatory administrative enforcement by government authority. In such cases, we will request reasonable documentation from the relevant authority making the request to ensure that such request has a lawful basis and that the relevant authority has lawful authority and a reasonable purpose to obtain your personal information.
–
IV. Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to the relevant laws and regulations, regulatory requirements and national standards, we may collect, use or disclose your personal information without otherwise obtaining your authorization and consent in the following circumstances:
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts with you;
Necessary for the performance of statutory duties or obligations;
Necessary for the response to public health emergencies, or for the protection of life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergencies;
Where the personal information is reasonably processed for news reporting, media supervision, and other activities conducted in the public interest;
Where the personal information disclosed by you or other legally disclosed personal information is reasonably processed;
Other circumstances as provided by laws or administrative regulations.
–
V. How we store your personal information
(A) Location of Retention
Our primary business information systems are located in mainland China and the personal information related to customers will be stored primarily in mainland China.
You also know and understand that, as a foreign bank operating in China, for the purposes of cross-border business (e.g., cross-border remittance), customer due diligence, global operations and internal management, and as necessary for our affiliated companies and/or business partners outside China to assist us in providing products and/or services to you or to assist us in the processing of your personal information for achieving the purposes stated in this Policy, we may transfer your personal information to servers located in other jurisdictions outside mainland China (e.g., Hong Kong, China) or to recipients outside mainland China. In such cases, we will take all necessary and appropriate safeguards to ensure the security of your personal information during the transfer and require the recipients of your personal information to provide adequate protection and security, such as concluding appropriate data processing agreements or standard contractual terms when necessary with the recipients.
You know and understand that for recipients that are overseas members of Standard Chartered Group, you can access the official websites of the overseas members of Standard Chartered Group for their contact information (for a list of the overseas members of Standard Chartered Group, please refer to the official webpage link:
https://www.sc.com/en/our-locations/
). If you wish to exercise relevant rights against these overseas recipients, you may first contact us (i.e., SCB China) through the contact information provided below this Policy. When required by applicable laws and regulations, we will inform you of the matters related to the cross-border transfer of personal information to the third party, including the identity of the recipient of personal information, contact information, the purpose of processing, the manner of processing, the type of personal information and the manner and procedure of exercising the rights of the individual to the overseas recipient. Under our personal information cross-border transfer agreements with overseas recipients, you could be considered as a third party beneficiary and shall be entitled to exercise the rights of such third party beneficiary. According to applicable laws, regulations, and the agreements between the overseas data recipient and us (if applicable), you may have the right to demand us to provide a copy or a summary of relevant agreement content.
(B) Retention Period
We will take all reasonably practical measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected.
Except as provided otherwise by laws or regulations, we will store your personal information for the following periods:
We will store your personal information to meet our legitimate business needs (e.g., to provide services to you, to build a recruiting pool, or to meet appropriate legal, tax, and financial requirements).
When we do not have a legitimate business need to use your personal information, or when the retention period stipulated by Chinese laws and regulations expires, we will delete or anonymize your personal information or, if neither deletion nor anonymization is possible (for example, if your personal information is already stored in a backup), store it securely and keep it separate from other data processing.
–
VI. How we protect your personal information
(A) We have used safety measures up to industry standards to protect the personal information you provide and to prevent the data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonably practical measures to protect your personal information.
(B) We will take all reasonably practical measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. We will only store and retain your personal information for a period as minimum as necessary to fulfill the purposes stated in this Policy unless we need to extend the retention period or where laws and regulations permit.
(C) The Internet is not an absolutely safe place. E-mails, instant messages, and communications with other users are not encrypted; therefore, we strongly recommend that you do not send any personal information through these ways. Please use complex passwords to help us keep your account safe.
(D) We will regularly/irregularly assess safety risks and personal information safety implications.
(E) The Internet is not absolutely safe, and we will take every effort to guarantee the security of the information you send us. We will take responsibility in accordance with the law if your information suffers from unauthorized access, public disclosure, erasure or damage as a result of any damage to our physical, technical or management protection facilities and your lawful rights and interests are so impaired.
(F) If unfortunately, a personal information security incident occurs, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, promptly inform you of the type of information, cause and possible harm of the personal information leakage, tampering, loss of information that occurs or is likely to occur, the actions and measures we have taken or will take, suggestions on what you can do to prevent and mitigate risks, and our contact information. We will promptly inform you about the incident by email, SMS, letter, call or other means. Where it is difficult to inform each personal information subject, we will give a public notice in a reasonable and effective way. Meanwhile, we will report the handling of such personal information security incident on our initiative in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
–
VII. How you could manage your personal information
In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of the People’s Republic of China as well as the common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you may exercise the following rights in relation to your personal information:
(A) Access and correct your personal information
If you are our customer, you may view or update your personal information by logging in our online banking at
www.sc.com/cn
, mobile banking, telephone banking or at any of our counters, unless otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory policies.
You have the right and obligation to update your personal information in a timely manner to ensure that such information is accurate. To protect the safety of your account, you may need to access and correct certain personal information through online banking or at our counters. When you change any of your information through our online banking service, we will send a one-time SMS verification code to the mobile number you register with SCB China for the safety of your account.
If you are not our customer, or are unable to access and correct your personal information in the ways described above, please contact us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this Policy.
(B) Obtaining a copy of your personal information
If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal information, please contact us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this Policy.
(C) Delete your personal information
If you are our customer, for part of your personal information provided in your use of online banking, mobile banking and other electronic channels, you can delete it by logging in our online banking at
www.sc.com/cn
and mobile banking and other electronic channels. If you are not our customer, or are unable to access and correct your personal information in the ways described above, please contact us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this Policy
If you find that our collection or use of your personal information is in violation of laws and regulations or the agreement between you and us, you may request us to delete your personal information in accordance with the law. We will delete your personal information when permitted by laws or regulations (e.g., after the expiration of the legal retention period).
When you delete information, we may not immediately delete the information from our backup system but we will delete such information at the time of next update of our backup.
(D) Withdraw authorization and change the scope of your authorization and consent
If you are our customer, for electronic channels such as online banking and mobile banking, you may change the scope of your authorization for us to collect your personal information or withdraw your consent by deleting some information or turning off certain functions on your device. If you are not our customer, or if you are unable to change the scope of your authorization or withdraw your authorization by the above means, please contact us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this Policy.
However, please be aware that your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect any collection of personal information based on your consent prior to such withdrawal.
(E) Transfer your personal information
You have the right to request us to transfer the personal information you provide to us to the third party of your choice. However, this right may only be exercised in certain circumstances as provided by Chinese law. You may contact us by using the contact information at the bottom of this Policy for more information about your relevant rights.
(F) Refuse to receive commercial promotion information
To introduce you the products or services that you may be interested in, we may, in the future, send you commercial promotion information through certain channels on a moderate basis. You may refuse to receive such information by clicking skip, rejecting, or replying unsubscribe. You may also contact us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this Policy to learn more about your relevant rights.
(G) Constraint automated decision making
In some services, we may make decisions based solely on non-human and automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legal rights, you have the right to request an explanation from us, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
(H) Cancel your account
If you wish to report the loss of your debit card, credit card or cancel your credit card,  you may do so at a branch or sub-branch of SCB China or by calling our customer service hotline (956083 or (0755)33382730). Please note that if you wish to cancel your personal deposit account, you may only do so by going to a branch or sub-branch of SCB China. Please follow the instructions to complete the verification of your identity at the branch or sub-branch or in the service call and, after the verification is completed, you may submit an application for cancelling your account. We will verify and process your application within 15 working days after receiving it.
After you meet all the conditions for cancellation according to law and your account is cancelled, you will no longer use our service through this account. Unless otherwise provided in laws, regulations, regulatory requirements or the terms and conditions of separate agreements or engagements that you have entered into with us when using our services or contacting us, or for the purpose of settling certain specific debtor-creditor relationships, the information relating to your account will also be deleted. We will no longer collect or use the personal information relating to such account through any channel. In addition, we still need to retain the information provided by you or generated during the term of your use of our service for a period of time as required by regulatory authorities and to cooperate with inquiries or other requirements of relevant authorities in accordance with law during such retention period.
(I) Response to your requests above
For your security, you may need to submit a written request or identify yourself through other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. Unless otherwise specifically provided in laws and regulations, we will, in principle, review and process your requests for correcting your personal information, deleting or cancelling your account submitted in accordance with the procedures described in this Policy within 15 working days:
In principle, we do not charge a fee for your reasonable requests, but we will charge a cost fee for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, as appropriate. We may reject requests that are unwarrantedly repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example, requiring the development of new systems or fundamental changes to current practices), pose a risk to the legal rights of others, or are highly impractical.
According to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request under the following circumstances:
Where it directly relates to the performance of our obligations under laws and regulations;
Where it directly relates to national security and national defense security;
Where it directly relates to public security, public health or major public interest;
Where it directly relates to criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials or execution of rulings, etc.;
Where there is sufficient evidence showing that you are intentionally malicious or abuse your rights;
Where it is required to protect your or others’ life, property or other material legitimate rights and interests while it is difficult to obtain your consent;
Where responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of yours or of other individuals or organizations;
Where the request involves any trade secret.
–
VIII. How we protect the personal information of minors
We expect parents or guardians to guide the minors in their use of our services. We will protect the confidentiality and security of the minors’ information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China. For minor users under the age of 14, we will process their personal information with the consent of their parents or guardians in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
If you are a minor, we suggest that you read this Policy together with your parents or guardians.
For the personal information we collect with the consent of your parents or guardians, we will only use such information to the extent permitted by law, with the express consent of your parents or guardians or necessary for protecting you.
If your parents or guardians do not agree you to provide personal information to us in accordance with this Policy, please do not provide us with personal information and stop using our services immediately.
–
IX. How we update this Policy
This Policy may be updated from time to time.
Once it is updated, we will notify you in a manner appropriate to the significance of those changes. We will obtain your consent for any significant changes to this Policy as required by applicable data protection laws.
We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent. You can read this Policy as updated from time to time at the bottom of the official website of SCB China at
https://www.sc.com/cn
. If you do not agree with any or all of the terms of this Policy, please stop using our services or contact us.
–
X. How to contact us
If you have any question, comment or suggestion, especially those regarding personal information or this Policy, please contact us through the means set forth below and we will in principle respond within 15 working days of receiving your question, comment or suggestion:
Our company name: Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited
Our address: 201 Century Avenue, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China
Our customer service hotline: 956083 or (0755)33382730
Calling from Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan & Overseas: (86-755) 956083 or (86-755)33382730
Customer compliant hotline: 400-8888-293
Our official website:
https://www.sc.com/cn/contact-us/
If you are not satisfied with our reply, and in particular consider that our processing of personal information has caused harm to your legitimate rights and interests, you may also file complaints or report to the department performing personal information protection duties, resort to a people’s court of competent jurisdiction, or seek solutions through other means as provided in applicable laws and regulations.
–
XI. Miscellaneous
(A) In the event that this Policy conflicts in any way with the terms and conditions of separate agreements or engagements that you have entered into with us when using our services or contacting us, such special engagement shall prevail insofar.
(B) If this Policy is available in Chinese and English, the English version is for reference only. The Chinese version of this Policy shall prevail in the case of any inconsistency between the two language versions.
–