Terms Of Use
Welcome to the application, website, and online services (collectively, the "Services") provided by NETVUE, INC. ("Netvue" or "we"). This document outlines the terms and conditions that apply when you use the Services, which may include our website, any other mobile or web services, software programs, and the terms and related services specified below, including all documents and plans (collectively, the "Services"). By accessing the relevant website or using its services, you indicate that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, whether or not you have registered to use our services.
We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time without notice. Any modifications will be posted on this page, and the date of the latest modified agreement will be indicated at the top of this page. If you continue to use our services after the agreement has been modified, you accept the new Terms of Use. If you do not agree to any of the terms contained herein or do not wish to accept these conditions, please do not use or access (or continue to access) our services.
This agreement applies to all visitors, users, and other customers who access our services. "Netvue," "we," or "our" may refer to Netvue in the text, while "you," "your," "user," or "customer" may refer to the user.
Service Use
Netvue Inc is a software company registered in California, USA, which produces hardware and focuses on the research and sales of cloud-based smart home products. With a first-class software and hardware development team, we provide a full range of solutions for mobile Internet smart hardware products for customers around the world.
Even if you want to access basic services, such as watching video content, you will need to register with Netvue and open a "user" account. With your user account, you can use these services and features.
Please do not use someone else's user account without permission. When you create your account, please provide accurate, true, and complete information. You are fully responsible for the actions of your user account and must keep your password secure. If there are any security issues with your account or unauthorized use by others, you must immediately notify Netvue. Netvue will not be liable for any losses arising from the unauthorized use of your account by others.
By providing us with your email address, you agree that we may send you service-related notices by email instead of by mail, including any legally required notices. We may also use this email address to send you other information, such as changes to our services and promotional information.
All of our services are subject to Netvue's unilateral change or cancellation of services. Netvue reserves the right to interrupt services for any reason or for no reason, with or without prior notice. You agree that Netvue has no obligation to ensure that the services are free of any interruptions, delays, or unenforceability. However, we will make every effort to minimize the possibility of any malfunctions when you use or access our services.
You will be fully responsible for your interactions with other users of Netvue's services. We reserve the right to monitor disputes between you and other users, but we are not obligated to do so. Netvue will not be responsible for your interactions with other users or for the actions or inactions of any user.
Privacy Policy
We value the protection of our users' privacy. We will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
When the motion detection function is enabled, we will capture images and upload them to the server when there is a change in the image so that you can know what happened. Enabling motion detection means that you agree to our upload and storage of these captured images. We will provide sufficient security to ensure that only you or users authorized by you can access these images. You can delete these images at any time through the app.
You have the right to delete your account and all related information. You can contact us through the support page in the app by leaving a message, email, phone call, or online chat to delete your account. You can also directly delete your account in the app. However, please note that once you delete your account, all of your account data will be deleted from the server and cannot be recovered.
We provide international products that allow you to enjoy reliable and stable services almost anywhere in the world without worrying about missing what's happening at home when you travel or go on business trips. To achieve this, you agree that we will transfer some of your data to the server closest to your device. We promise to only transmit the data you need to use and not transmit any content irrelevant to your use. Our servers are located in the eastern and western United States, Ireland, Germany, and Singapore.
User Content
Our service allows users to upload or publish video content (referred to as "Your Video Content"), as well as publish feedback, comments, questions, and other information (collectively referred to as "User Content"). You are solely responsible for your actions in uploading, posting, displaying, linking, or making available any other behavior on our service. You acknowledge that we only play a passive role as a conduit that allows you to distribute and publish your user content online. You understand and agree that even if we use reasonable security measures to protect access to your user content, Netvue does not guarantee the absolute confidentiality of any user content.
You are fully responsible for the consequences of your actions, including uploading, posting, publishing, sharing user content, etc. You acknowledge, represent, and warrant that:
You create and own your user content, or have the necessary licenses, ownership, etc. to use your user content and authorize Netvue and Netvue's customers to use your user content to perform services;
Your user content does not carry any viruses, adware, spyware, web crawlers, or other malicious code. Within this scope, your user content includes video or audio content, and you acknowledge, represent, and warrant that you have obtained the necessary authorization or license (including but not limited to the individual's license described in this user content) to record and transmit the user content described and involved in this agreement and service for ease of use;
Your user content cannot violate local laws, regulations, history, customs, or traditions. Otherwise, we reserve the right to report and/or submit your relevant user content and personal information to the relevant authorities as required.
Property Rights
Except for Your User Content, all services and materials provided in or outside of this agreement, including but not limited to software, images, text, graphics, diagrams, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photos, audio, video, music, and user content associated with Netvue (referred to as "Netvue User Content" in this agreement) as well as all other related intellectual property, are fully owned by Netvue, affiliated companies, and licensors. It is strictly prohibited to use any content and materials related to the service that Netvue has not explicitly authorized in this agreement for any purpose.
You may choose to provide comments or suggestions to us about our service, including but not limited to how to improve our service or products ("Suggestions"), either on your own initiative or at our invitation. By submitting any Suggestions, you agree that you are providing information voluntarily and without any expectation of compensation, placing no moral or legal obligations on Netvue, and we may freely use each suggestion without providing any additional compensation and/or disclose it in non-confidential circumstances or even make it public to everyone.
Security
We have taken commercially reasonable technical and managerial measures to protect your personal information and user content from accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never break through these protections and use your personal information or user content for improper purposes. You agree that you assume all risks for the personal information and user content you provide.
Third-Party Links
Netvue may provide links to other websites that we believe are relevant to and of interest to users (referred to as "Third-Party Links"). Netvue is not responsible for the content of Third-Party Links, nor is it responsible for the accuracy of the information and intellectual property statements contained therein. Some Third-Party Links may offer you the opportunity to purchase products. We do not endorse any products and do not make any guarantees regarding these products.
You may enter into transactions with advertisers that appear on these links, and you agree that Netvue will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from or related to any form of these transactions.
We encourage you to pay attention to and read all terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the third-party websites or services you visit through our links.
Limitation Of Liability
Under no circumstances will Netvue, its directors, officers, affiliates, employees, licensors or internet service providers be responsible for any damages (including any direct, indirect, incidental, special damages), claims or costs (such as loss of reputation, loss of profits, data loss or business interruption) arising from or related to any transaction or event arising from or related to this agreement or its expected transactions, including the use or inability to use the website, services and/or products, inability to contact emergency service personnel or obtain emergency assistance through emergency dialing services, or unauthorized access or alteration of transmitted information or data, even if Netvue has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Due to the continued development of new technologies for network intrusion and attacks, as well as the capture of incoming and outgoing data, Netvue does not guarantee that this product, software, or service, or any device, system, or network used to access or use this product, software, or service will be free from intrusion, attack, or data capture.
Governing Law And Jurisdiction
The effectiveness, performance, interpretation, and resolution of disputes of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States. If any individual clause of this agreement conflicts with current US law and thus becomes partially invalid, it shall not affect the validity of the other clauses.
Log Collection
We will collect program log data to help us fix program issues and improve product quality.
Other
Our failure to take action against your or anyone else's violation of this agreement does not mean that we waive our right to take action against subsequent or similar violations. If any provision of this agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be affected, and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. Headings are for reference only and do not limit the scope or extent of such section.
Legal Age
You represent that you have reached the legal age to enter into this agreement and have fully read and understood its terms and conditions.
Contact
If you have any questions or issues regarding this agreement or any content on the Netvue website, please contact us at the following website:
https://www.netvue.com
.