By clicking
Agree
, you agree to our Privacy Policy as below. Otherwise please click
Not Agree
to quit game.
Privacy Policy
Recax Ltd. built the B-Bro Big 2, Mahjong Club as Ad Supported games. This SERVICE is provided by Recax Ltd. at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at games developed by Recax unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Email. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Usage and Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
To provide login and game service.
AdMob
To provide Ad support.
Google Analytics for Firebase
To provide statistics service of playing data.
Facebook
To provide login service.
SDKBOX
To provide login services and Ad support.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-12-26
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at game@recax.com.
单击同意，即表示您同意我们的隐私政策。 否则请点击不同意退出游戏。
隐私政策
Recax Ltd. 制作了 B-Bro Big 2、Mahjong Club 游戏（包含广告）。 本服务由 Recax Ltd. 免费提供。
如果有人决定使用我们的服务，此页面用于告知访问者有关我们收集、使用和披露个人信息的政策。
如果您选择使用我们的服务，则表示您同意收集和使用与本政策相关的信息。 我们收集的个人信息用于提供和改进服务。 除本隐私政策中所述外，我们不会使用或与任何人分享您的信息。
本隐私政策中使用的术语与我们的条款和条件具有相同的含义，除非本隐私政策中另有定义，否则可在 Recax 开发的游戏中访问这些条款和条件。
信息收集和使用
为了获得更好的体验，在使用我们的服务时，我们可能会需要您向我们提供某些个人身份信息，包括但不限于电子邮件。 我们收集的信息将由我们保留并按照本隐私政策中的描述使用。
该应用使用特定的第三方服务，这些服务可能会收集用于识别您身份的信息。
应用程序使用的第三方服务提供商的用途和隐私政策链接
Google Play Services
提供登录和游戏服务。
AdMob
提供广告支持。
Google Analytics for Firebase
提供游玩数据统计服务。
Facebook
提供登录服务。
SDKBOX
提供登录服务和广告支持。
日志数据
我们希望您知晓，无论何时您使用我们的服务，如果应用程序出现错误，我们都会（通过第三方产品）在您的手机上收集名为日志数据的数据和信息。 此日志数据可能包括您的设备互联网协议（“IP”）地址、设备名称、操作系统版本、使用我们服务时应用程序的配置、您使用服务的时间和日期以及其他统计信息等信息。
Cookies
Cookie 是包含少量数据的文件，通常用作匿名唯一标识符。 这些信息会从您访问的网站发送到您的浏览器，并存储在您设备的内存中。
本服务不明确使用这些“cookies”。 但是，该应用程序可能会使用第三方代码和使用“cookies”的库来收集信息并改进其服务。 您可以选择接受或拒绝这些 cookie，并知道何时将 cookie 发送到您的设备。 如果您选择拒绝我们的 cookie，您可能无法使用本服务的某些部分。
服务供应商
由于以下原因，我们可能会雇用第三方公司和个人：
提升我们的服务；
代表我们提供服务；
执行与服务相关的服务； 或
协助我们分析我们的服务是如何被使用的。
我们想告知此服务的用户，这些第三方可以访问他们的个人信息。 原因是他们需要代表我们执行分配给他们的任务。 但是，他们有义务不为任何其他目的披露或使用这些信息。
安全
我们重视您向我们提供您的个人信息的信任，因此我们正在努力使用商业上可接受的方式来保护它。 但请记住，没有一种互联网传输方式或电子存储方式是 100% 安全可靠的，我们无法保证其绝对安全。
链接到其他网站
本服务可能包含其他网站的链接。 如果您单击第三方链接，您将被定向到该站点。 请注意，这些外部网站并非由我们运营。 因此，我们强烈建议您查看这些网站的隐私政策。 我们无法控制任何第三方网站或服务的内容、隐私政策或做法，也不承担任何责任。
儿童隐私
这些服务不针对 13 岁以下的任何人。我们不会有意收集 13 岁以下儿童的个人身份信息。 如果我们发现 13 岁以下的儿童向我们提供了个人信息，我们会立即将其从我们的服务器中删除。 如果您是父母或监护人，并且知道您的孩子向我们提供了个人信息，请与我们联系，以便我们能够采取必要的行动。
本隐私政策的变更
我们可能会不时更新我们的隐私政策。 因此，建议您定期查看此页面以了解任何更改。 我们将通过在此页面上发布新的隐私政策来通知您任何更改。
本政策自2022-12-26起生效
联系我们
如果您对我们的隐私政策有任何疑问或建议，请随时通过
game@recax.com
与我们联系。
單擊同意，即表示您同意我們的私隱政策。 否則請點擊不同意退出遊戲。
私隱政策
Recax Ltd. 製作了 B-Bro Big 2、Mahjong Club 遊戲（包含廣告）。 本服務由 Recax Ltd. 免費提供。
如果有人決定使用我們的服務，此頁面用於告知訪問者有關我們收集、使用和披露個人信息的政策。
如果您選擇使用我們的服務，則表示您同意收集和使用與本政策相關的信息。 我們收集的個人信息用於提供和改進服務。 除本隱私政策中所述外，我們不會使用或與任何人分享您的信息。
本隱私政策中使用的術語與我們的條款和條件具有相同的含義，除非本隱私政策中另有定義，否則可在 Recax 開發的遊戲中訪問這些條款和條件。
信息收集和使用
為了獲得更好的體驗，在使用我們的服務時，我們可能會需要您向我們提供某些個人身份信息，包括但不限於電子郵件。 我們收集的信息將由我們保留並按照本隱私政策中的描述使用。
該應用使用特定的第三方服務，這些服務可能會收集用於識別您身份的信息。
應用程序使用的第三方服務提供商的用途和隱私政策鏈接
Google Play Services
提供登錄和遊戲服務。
AdMob
提供廣告支持。
Google Analytics for Firebase
提供遊玩數據統計服務。
Facebook
提供登錄服務。
SDKBOX
提供登錄服務和廣告支持。
日誌數據
我們希望您知曉，無論何時您使用我們的服務，如果應用程序出現錯誤，我們都會（通過第三方產品）在您的手機上收集名為日誌數據的數據和信息。 此日誌數據可能包括您的設備互聯網協議（「IP」）地址、設備名稱、操作系統版本、使用我們服務時應用程序的配置、您使用服務的時間和日期以及其他統計信息等信息。
Cookies
Cookie 是包含少量數據的文件，通常用作匿名唯一標識符。 這些信息會從您訪問的網站發送到您的瀏覽器，並存儲在您設備的內存中。
本服務不明確使用這些「cookies」。 但是，該應用程序可能會使用第三方代碼和使用「cookies」的庫來收集信息並改進其服務。 您可以選擇接受或拒絕這些 cookie，並知道何時將 cookie 發送到您的設備。 如果您選擇拒絕我們的 cookie，您可能無法使用本服務的某些部分。
服務供應商
由於以下原因，我們可能會雇用第三方公司和個人：
提升我們的服務；
代表我們提供服務；
執行與服務相關的服務； 或
協助我們分析我們的服務是如何被使用的。
我們想告知此服務的用戶，這些第三方可以訪問他們的個人信息。 原因是他們需要代表我們執行分配給他們的任務。 但是，他們有義務不為任何其他目的披露或使用這些信息。
安全
我們重視您向我們提供您的個人信息的信任，因此我們正在努力使用商業上可接受的方式來保護它。 但請記住，沒有一種互聯網傳輸方式或電子存儲方式是 100% 安全可靠的，我們無法保證其絕對安全。
鏈接到其他網站
本服務可能包含其他網站的鏈接。 如果您單擊第三方鏈接，您將被定向到該站點。 請注意，這些外部網站並非由我們運營。 因此，我們強烈建議您查看這些網站的隱私政策。 我們無法控制任何第三方網站或服務的內容、隱私政策或做法，也不承擔任何責任。
兒童隱私
這些服務不針對 13 歲以下的任何人。我們不會有意收集 13 歲以下兒童的個人身份信息。 如果我們發現 13 歲以下的兒童向我們提供了個人信息，我們會立即將其從我們的服務器中刪除。 如果您是父母或監護人，並且知道您的孩子向我們提供了個人信息，請與我們聯繫，以便我們能夠採取必要的行動。
本隱私政策的變更
我們可能會不時更新我們的隱私政策。 因此，建議您定期查看此頁面以瞭解任何更改。 我們將通過在此頁面上發佈新的隱私政策來通知您任何更改。
本政策自2022-12-26起生效
聯繫我們
如果您對我們的隱私政策有任何疑問或建議，請隨時通過
game@recax.com
與我們聯繫。