Privacy Policy
The Short Version:
We only collect personal information when necessary.
We securely store your personal information.
We never sell your information to third parties.
The Long Version:
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information we collect. By using Werdsmith, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy, but any changes to this policy will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis.
Collection of Information
We only collect personally identifiable information, like names, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our users. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. We currently do not use this data for our mailing list, but we reserve the right to do so in the future if appropriate, and will always give you the option to opt out.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential have access to this information.
Third party services
Werdsmith relies on a handful of third parties to provide crucial services. These third parties never receive personally identifiable information:
Amplitude: We send Amplitude anonymous usage data so that we can see how many people are using the app, how popular particular features are, and track any issues. This is an important part of the process of improving the app. It is not possible to connect this data with your identity, and Amplitude doesn't know who you are.
Privacy policy
.
Sentry: If the app crashes, it sends Sentry an anonymous crash log, so that we can investigate and resolve the issue.
Privacy policy
Google Cloud: If you choose to upload a profile image, it's stored securely in Google Cloud. If you don't use this feature, no data is sent to Google.
Privacy policy
OpenAI: Whenever you request the app to continue writing a piece of your work, we must send a snippet of your work to OpenAI to generate this completion. OpenAI does not know your identity, rather we send them an anonymous ID so that they can check that our users aren't abusing their service. If you do not use this app feature, no data relating to you is sent to them.
Privacy policy