О компании
Услуги
Наши партнеры
Новости
Статьи
Контакты
Поиск:
English
We at Advance Corp. do not offer products for purchase by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are under 13, you may use the applications only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Advance Corp respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to Advance Corp, he or she can contact us via email at office@ad-vance.ru. We will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.
Русский
ООО”Адванс” соблюдает политику конфиденциальности в отношении данных о пользователях. ООО”Адванс” уважает частную жизнь родителей и детей и обязуется соблюдать Закон о защите прав детей и конфиденциальности в Интернет. Мы сознательно не собираем персональную информацию о наших пользователях, и не собираем личную информацию от детей. Если вам не исполнилось 13 лет, вы можете использовать сайт и приложения только с участием одного из родителей или опекуна. Наш сайт и мобильные приложения подчиняются Закону о защите прав детей и конфиденциальности в Интернете. Если родитель считает, что ребенок представил персональную информацию, в ООО”Адванс”, он или она может связаться с нами по электронной почте office@ad-vance.ru. Мы будем оперативно удалять информацию, узнав, что она относится к ребенку в возрасте до 13 лет. Мы признаем важность защиты конфиденциальности детей и призываем родителей проверять и контролировать использование детьми деятельность в Интернете регулярно.
Italian
Noi di Advance Corp. Non offriamo prodotti per l'acquisto da parte dei bambini, e noi non raccogliamo informazioni personali da bambini. Se hai meno di 13, è possibile utilizzare le applicazioni solo con il coinvolgimento di un genitore o tutore. Advance Corp rispetta la privacy di genitori e figli e si impegna a rispettare le Children Online Privacy Protection Act. Se un genitore ritiene che il suo bambino ha fornito informazioni personali a Advance Corp, lui o lei può contattarci via e-mail all'indirizzo office@ad-vance.ru. Noi provvederemo tempestivamente a cancellare le informazioni dopo aver appreso che si tratta di un bambino di età inferiore ai 13. Riconosciamo l'importanza di salvaguardare la privacy dei bambini e incoraggiare i genitori a controllare e sorvegliare i figli delle attività online regolarmente.
Spanish
Estamos en Advance Corp. no ofrecemos productos para compra por parte de los niños, y no recogemos a sabiendas información personal de niños. Si usted es menor de 13 años, puede utilizar las aplicaciones sólo con la participación de un padre o tutor. Advance Corp. respeta la privacidad de los padres y los niños, y se compromete a cumplir con la Ley de Protección de la Privacidad Infantil en Línea. Si un padre cree que su hijo ha enviado información personal en Advance Corp, él o ella puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros por correo electrónico a office@ad-vance.ru. Vamos a eliminar inmediatamente la información al enterarse de que se trata de un niño menor de 13 años. Reconocemos la importancia de proteger la privacidad de los niños y alentamos a los padres a controlar y supervisar el uso que realicen sus hijos de las actividades en línea con regularidad.
Traditional Chinese
Simplified Chinese
French
Nous à "Advance Corp" ne pas offrir des produits achetés par les enfants, et nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de renseignements personnels auprès des enfants. Si vous êtes moins de 13 ans, vous pouvez utiliser les applications uniquement avec la participation d'un parent ou d'un tuteur. "Advance Corp" respecte la vie privée des parents et des enfants et s'engage à respecter ligne Privacy Protection Act des enfants. Si un parent croit que son enfant a soumis des renseignements personnels à "Advance Corp", il ou elle peut nous contacter par courriel à office@ad-vance.ru. Nous allons supprimer rapidement les informations sur l'apprentissage qu'il concerne un enfant de moins de 13 ans. Nous reconnaissons l'importance de protéger la vie privée des enfants et encourageons les parents à vérifier et surveiller l'utilisation des activités en ligne de leurs enfants régulièrement.
German
Wir bei "Advance Corp." keine Produkte zum Kauf durch Kinder, und wir sammeln nicht wissentlich persönliche Daten von Kindern. Wenn Sie unter 13 sind, können Sie die Anwendungen nur mit einem Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigten nutzen. "Advance Corp." respektiert die Privatsphäre der Eltern und Kinder und ist an die Einhaltung der Kinder-Online Privacy Protection Act. Wenn ein Elternteil glaubt, dass sein oder ihr Kind persönliche Informationen zu "Advance Corp." eingereicht, kann er oder sie uns per E-Mail an office@ad-vance.ru kontaktieren. Wir werden Ihnen umgehend die Informationen zu löschen, auf lernen, dass es sich um ein Kind unter dem Alter von 13 Jahren. Wir erkennen die Bedeutung der Wahrung der Privatsphäre der Kinder und Eltern zu ermutigen, regelmäßig zu überprüfen und überwachen ihre Kinder Nutzung von Online-Aktivitäten.
Danish
Vi ved Advance Corp tilbyder ikke produkter købes af børn, og vi indsamler ikke bevidst personlige oplysninger fra børn. Hvis du er under 13, kan du bruge de programmer kun med deltagelse af en forælder eller værge. Advance Corp respekterer privatlivets fred for forældre og børn, og er forpligtet til at overholde de børns online privatlivs Protection Act. Hvis en forælder mener, at hans eller hendes barn har afgivet personlige oplysninger til Advance Corp, kan han eller hun kontakte os via e-mail på office@ad-vance.ru. Vi vil straks slette oplysningerne ved at lære, at det vedrører et barn under en alder af 13. Vi anerkender vigtigheden af ​​at beskytte privatlivets fred for børn og opfordrer forældre til at kontrollere og overvåge deres børns brug af online-aktiviteter regelmæssigt.
Finnish
Me Advance Corp. eivät tarjoa tuotteita ostavat lapsille, emmekä tietoisesti kerää tietoja lapsilta. Jos olet alle 13, voit käyttää sovelluksia vain osallistumista huoltajan kanssa. Advance Corp kunnioittaa vanhempien ja lasten ja on sitoutunut noudattamaan Lasten Online Privacy Protection Act. Jos vanhempi uskoo, että hänen lapsensa on toimittanut henkilötietoja Advance Corp, hän voi ottaa yhteyttä sähköpostitse osoitteessa office@ad-vance.ru. Teemme nopeasti poistaa tiedot saatuaan tietää, että se koskee alle 13-vuotiaiden Ymmärrämme että on tärkeää turvata lasten yksityisyyden ja kannustaa vanhempia tarkistaa ja valvoa lastensa online-toimintaa säännöllisesti.
Greek
Εμείς στο Advance είδους δεν προσφέρουν τα προϊόντα για την αγορά από τα παιδιά, και εμείς δεν συλλέγουμε εν γνώσει μας προσωπικές πληροφορίες από παιδιά. Αν είστε κάτω των 13 ετών, μπορείτε να χρησιμοποιήσετε τις εφαρμογές μόνο με τη συμμετοχή ενός γονέα ή κηδεμόνα. Advance Corp σέβεται την ιδιωτική ζωή των γονέων και των παιδιών και έχει δεσμευτεί να συμμορφωθεί με την Παιδική Συνδεδεμένοι Νόμο περί Προστασίας Προσωπικών Δεδομένων. Εάν ένας γονέας πιστεύει ότι το παιδί του έχει υποβάλει προσωπικές πληροφορίες για Advance Corp, αυτός ή αυτή μπορεί να επικοινωνήσετε μαζί μας μέσω e-mail στο office@ad-vance.ru. Εμείς θα διαγράψει αμέσως την πληροφορία όταν έμαθε ότι σχετίζεται με ένα παιδί κάτω από την ηλικία των 13 ετών Αναγνωρίζουμε τη σημασία της προστασίας της ιδιωτικής ζωής των παιδιών και να ενθαρρύνουν τους γονείς να ελέγχουν και να παρακολουθούν τη χρήση των παιδιών τους από τις online δραστηριότητες σε τακτική βάση.
Japanese
アドバンス株式会社での私たちは、子どもたちによる購入のための製品を提供していない、と私たちは故意に子供から個人情報を収集することはありません。あなたが13歳未満の場合は、親または保護者の関与をアプリケーションに使用することができます。アドバンス社は、両親と子供のプライバシーを尊重し、児童オンラインプライバシー保護法を遵守することを約束されている。親が自分の子供がアドバンス社に個人情報を提出していると考えている場合、彼または彼女はoffice@ad-vance.ruまでメールでご連絡することができます。私たちは速やかにそれが私たちが子供のプライバシーを保護することの重要性を認識し、確認し、定期的にオンライン活動の子供の使用を監視するために両親を奨励する13歳以下の子供に関連していることを学習する際に情報が削除されます。
Norwegian
Vi i Advance Corp tilbyr ikke produkter for kjøp av barn, og vi samler ikke bevisst inn personlig informasjon fra barn. Hvis du er under 13 år, kan du bruke programmene bare med involvering av en forelder eller verge. Advance AS respekterer personvernet til foreldre og barn, og er forpliktet til å overholde Online Privacy Barnas Protection Act. Hvis en forelder mener at hans eller hennes barn har sendt inn personlig informasjon til Advance Corp, kan han eller hun kontakte oss via e-post på office@ad-vance.ru. Vi vil umiddelbart slette informasjonen på læring at det er relatert til et barn under en alder av 13. Vi ser betydningen av å ivareta personvernet til barn og oppfordrer foreldre til å kontrollere og overvåke sine barns bruk av elektroniske aktiviteter regelmessig.
Swedish
Vi på Advance Corp inte erbjuda produkter till försäljning av barn, och vi samlar inte medvetet in personuppgifter från barn. Om du är under 13 kan du använda programmen endast med deltagande av en förälder eller vårdnadshavare. Advance Corp respekterar integriteten hos föräldrar och barn, och har åtagit sig att följa Barnens Online Privacy Protection Act. Om en förälder anser att hans eller hennes barn har lämnat personuppgifter till Advance Corp, kan han eller hon kontakta oss via e-post på office@ad-vance.ru. Vi kommer omgående att ta bort informationen på lärande att det avser ett barn under 13 år Vi inser vikten av att värna om barns integritet och uppmuntrar föräldrar att kontrollera och övervaka sina barns användning av online-aktiviteter regelbundet.
Swedish
Vi på Advance Corp inte erbjuda produkter till försäljning av barn, och vi samlar inte medvetet in personuppgifter från barn. Om du är under 13 kan du använda programmen endast med deltagande av en förälder eller vårdnadshavare. Advance Corp respekterar integriteten hos föräldrar och barn, och har åtagit sig att följa Barnens Online Privacy Protection Act. Om en förälder anser att hans eller hennes barn har lämnat personuppgifter till Advance Corp, kan han eller hon kontakta oss via e-post på office@ad-vance.ru. Vi kommer omgående att ta bort informationen på lärande att det avser ett barn under 13 år Vi inser vikten av att värna om barns integritet och uppmuntrar föräldrar att kontrollera och övervaka sina barns användning av online-aktiviteter regelbundet.
Brazilian
Estamos em Advance Corp não oferecem produtos para compra por crianças, e nós não recolhemos informações pessoais de crianças. Se você tem menos de 13, você pode usar os aplicativos só com o envolvimento de um dos pais ou responsável. Advance Corp respeita a privacidade dos pais e filhos e se compromete a cumprir com Online Privacy Protection Act infantil. Se um dos pais acredita que seu filho tenha enviado dados pessoais para Advance Corp, ele ou ela pode entrar em contato conosco pelo e-mail office@ad-vance.ru. Vamos excluir imediatamente a informação ao saber que se trata de uma criança com idade inferior a 13 Reconhecemos a importância de proteger a privacidade das crianças e encorajar os pais a verificar e monitorar o uso que seus filhos fazem de atividades on-line regularmente.
Indonesian
Kami di muka Corp tidak menawarkan produk untuk pembelian oleh anak-anak, dan kami tidak sadar mengumpulkan informasi pribadi dari anak-anak. Jika Anda berada di bawah 13, Anda dapat menggunakan aplikasi hanya dengan keterlibatan orang tua atau wali. Muka Corp menghormati privasi orang tua dan anak-anak dan berkomitmen untuk mematuhi Privasi Online Anak Undang-Undang Perlindungan. Jika orang tua percaya bahwa anak nya telah mengirimkan informasi pribadi kepada muka Corp, ia dapat menghubungi kami melalui email di office@ad-vance.ru. Kami akan segera menghapus informasi setelah mengetahui bahwa hal ini berkaitan dengan anak di bawah usia 13 tahun Kami menyadari pentingnya menjaga privasi anak-anak dan mendorong orang tua untuk memeriksa dan memantau penggunaan anak-anak mereka dari aktivitas online secara teratur.
Portuguese
Estamos em Advance Corp não oferecem produtos para compra por crianças, e nós não recolhemos informações pessoais de crianças. Se você tem menos de 13, você pode usar os aplicativos só com o envolvimento de um dos pais ou responsável. Advance Corp respeita a privacidade dos pais e filhos e se compromete a cumprir com Online Privacy Protection Act infantil. Se um dos pais acredita que seu filho tenha enviado dados pessoais para Advance Corp, ele ou ela pode entrar em contato conosco pelo e-mail office@ad-vance.ru. Vamos excluir imediatamente a informação ao saber que se trata de uma criança com idade inferior a 13 Reconhecemos a importância de proteger a privacidade das crianças e encorajar os pais a verificar e monitorar o uso que seus filhos fazem de atividades on-line regularmente.
О компании
Услуги
Наши партнеры
Новости
Статьи
— региональные каналы
— спонсорство
— кабельные каналы
— product placement
— национальные телеканалы
— ролики
— на щитах
— в электричках
— на указателях
— на перетяжках
— на транспорте
— в регионах
— сити-форматы
— на остановках
— в метро
— на суперсайтах и брэндмауэрах
— продвижение сайтов
— банерная реклама
— создание сайтов
— вирусный маркетинг
— контекстная реклама
— агенты влияния
— ТВ и радио
— в метро
— на транспорте
— пресса
— флаеры,
листовки
— брошюры
— бланки
— папки
— календари
— блокноты
— открытки
— буклеты, проспекты
— журналы, каталоги
— визитки
ООО "Адванс"
Политика Конфиденциальности/Privacy Policy
Все права защищены