Privacy Policy
Language
English (U.S.)
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
日本語 (にほんご)
Português (Brazil)
English (British)
العربية
English (Australian)
한국어
Русский
Türkçe
中文 (Zhōngwén) (傳統)
中文 (Zhōngwén) (简)
Effective date: March 3, 2023.
Wildlife Studios is a mobile gaming company specializing in online, free-to-play games.
We know that privacy is important to you, and also that not everyone has time to read a lengthy privacy policy. So, in addition to the formal legal disclosures, we’ve added clear and concise summaries to each section to help you better understand how we collect, use, process, and share your personal information, and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights.
If you have any questions or concerns, you can contact Wildlife Studios at
privacy@wildlifestudios.com
.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
• We’re in the business of making great games. In addition to the information you give us directly, such as your username (and email address if you reach out to support), we also collect information about your device and how you play our games to make them better. Although we do have third-party ads in some of our games, you have control over what types of information our advertising partners can access.
• Some of our games have social features, but we only use this social data to operate our service. We may need to look at the things you post, for instance, to enforce our Terms of Service or comply with our legal obligations. But we don’t use your chat history for advertising purposes.
This policy covers your player data, wherever we may collect it. You should only use our services if you are OK with this policy, which we do update from time to time.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by Wildlife Studios (collectively “Wildlife Studios,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), including on our websites, mobile applications (“apps”), and other online or offline offerings. To make this Privacy Policy easier to read, our websites, apps, and other offerings are collectively referred to here as the “Services.”
Changes to our Privacy Policy. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that if you continue to use our Services after we make changes, it will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy.
Like most online mobile game developers, our apps collect information about you to make our games better. This includes the nickname you choose to show other players, as well as information we may collect automatically from your device, or from third-party services (like Facebook, Apple, or Google) you choose to connect with.
The types of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with us, our Services, and what the law may require. Generally speaking, we collect personal information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations. See below for more details on each type of information.
We do our best to only ask you for the information we need to run our games well. For example, if you want to engage with other players using voice chat for some games, we need to access your microphone. We may collect other information from you in other situations as well, like when you attend in-person events or sign up for optional promotions or programs (such as content partner programs).
We may collect personal information that you provide to us.
Information Required to Play our Games
. We may collect personal information when you first play one of our games, such as the nickname you choose to display to other players. Some of our games may also ask you your age.
Content Creator program
: some of our games have "partner programs" or "content creator" programs where players can get exclusive in-game benefits and perks. To apply to be a partner, we collect your full name, channel name on YouTube and/or Twitch, primary and secondary channel links, email address, subscriber/follower count, player ID, age, and optional country/region information and Discord ID. Please review our
Content Partner Privacy Policy
for more details.
Interactive Features
. We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., messaging and chat features, including chat audio, commenting functionalities, forums, blogs, and social media pages). Some games may request access to your microphone and/or photo library to enable certain optional social features. For example, some games include voice chat features, while other games may allow you to upload photos from your device to modify and share through our games.
Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services will be considered "public," unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Please exercise caution before revealing any information that may identify you in the real world to other players.
Your Communications with Us
. We may collect personal information, such as your name, email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter or loyalty/VIP program, interact with us at an in-person event such as a competition, conference, or trade show, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Your Purchases
. We may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases using our Services, such as payment information. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party platforms and processors such as Apple and Google: we do not collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services, but we may receive information associated with your purchases (e.g., your transaction history).
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, we may collect personal information from you in connection with the survey.
Sweepstakes or Contests
. We may collect and share personal information you provide for any sweepstakes or contests that we offer, such as your address and shipping details if you win a prize. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information (such as full names) of sweepstakes and contest winners.
Job Applications
. We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If you respond to one of these postings, we may collect your personal information, such as your application, resume/CV, cover letter, and/or any other information you provide to us. Please see our
Candidates Privacy Policy
for more information.
We also collect information from you indirectly when you interact with our Services. Information like your gameplay statistics and device information allow us to improve and personalize your experience, and to serve you more relevant ads.
We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services.
Automatic Collection of Personal Information
. We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers (e.g., IDFA/IDFV/AAID), browser or device information, approximate location (derived from IP address), and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services.
Crash Reports
. If you provide crash reports (for example, through your device settings), then we may collect personal information related to such crash reports, including detailed diagnostic information about your device and the activities that led to the crash.
Cookies and Other Technologies (Cookie Policy)
. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies ("Technologies") to automatically collect information through your use of our Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a player has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Required/Necessary
. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, or allow you to make use of our functionality;
Statistics-related
. We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how individuals use our Services (see Analytics below);
Functionality and Performance-related
. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed;
Marketing-related
. We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third-party digital properties.
Some of the advertising Technologies we use include, but are not limited to
Meta
,
Google
,
AppLovin
, and their partners. Click each partner’s name for more information regarding their privacy practices, and
contact us
if you would like more information.
See “
Your Privacy Choices and Rights
” below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies.
Analytics
. We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on our Services. These Technologies allow us to better understand how our digital Services are used and to continually improve and personalize our Services. Some of our analytics partners include:
Google Analytics
. For more information about how Google uses your personal information (including for its own purposes, e.g., for profiling or linking it to other data), please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here
.
LinkedIn Analytics
. For more information about how LinkedIn uses your personal information, please visit
LinkedIn Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of LinkedIn’s use of your information, please click
here
.
Hotjar (Session Replay Analytics)
. We use Hotjar’s session replay analytics services. This allows us to record and replay an individual’s interaction with the Services. For more information about how Hotjar uses your personal information, please visit the “Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site” section of
Hotjar’s Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Hotjar’s use of your information, please click
here
.
Social Media Platforms
. Our websites may contain social media buttons, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Glassdoor, Instagram, YouTube, and Twitter, which might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs. These features may collect personal information such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We might get more information about you from other places, like social media (if you use Facebook to log in to our games), or from other players, depending on the Services you use.
Third-Party Services and Sources
. We may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site (such as Google or Facebook), we may collect personal information about you from that third-party application that you have made available via your privacy settings. Such information may include your profile picture and/or friends list, if you choose to share it.
Referrals and Sharing Features
. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide personal information about your friends through our referral service. Third parties may also use the Services to upload personal information about you, including when they tag you. Our referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email or WhatsApp message inviting your friend to use our Services. Please only share with us contact information of people with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker).
Wildlife Studios uses your personal information to operate our business and make your gaming experience better and more personalized. For example, we use your information to monitor game performance, connect you with other players, personalize your game, provide technical support, deliver ads that are relevant to you, and conduct research to improve our games. Further, we use it to protect player safety, prevent fraud, and enforce our Terms of Service.
We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below.
We use your information to fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:
Managing your information and game progress;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Answering requests for customer or technical support;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased;
Processing applications if you apply for a job we post on our Services; and
Allowing you to register for events.
We use your information for various administrative purposes, such as:
Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research, and development (including marketing research), network anli information security, and fraud prevention;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting thosli responsible for that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;
Improving, upgrading, or enhancing our Services;
Developing new products and services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities, including requests to exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities;
Sharing personal information with third parties as needed to provide the Services;
Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
Carrying out activities that are required to comply with our legal obligations.
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices, or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
We also use your personal information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law.
Automated Decision Making
. We may engage in automated decision making, including profiling. For example, we may engage in automated decision making to personalize your gameplay or match you with players of a similar skill level. If we’re going to make a decision that will have a significant impact on you (such as your ability to access our games), we’ll make sure a human is involved, unless we’re required by law or you otherwise agree to the automated system. If you have questions about our automated decision making, you may contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
De-identified and Aggregated Information
. We may use personal information to create de-identified and/or aggregated information (for example, aggregate reports detailing the total number of players we have in a given jurisdiction). We may share these aggregated reports, including with third parties.
We share your personal information with other individuals and entities to provide our Services to you. For example, we might share your information with our hosting providers, or with other players if you use our sharing features. We also share some of your information with our third-party ad partners (though you do have some control over this, see
below
.) We might also share your information as needed to protect you or others, or where we’re legally required to, such as if we receive a valid request from law enforcement or if we are involved in a corporate restructuring.
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information are described below.
Service Providers
. We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers and vendors that assist us with the provision of our Services. This includes service providers and vendors that provide us with IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, and related services.
Business Partners
. We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested, or to jointly run contests or in-person events. We may also share your personal information with business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Affiliates
. We may share information we collect with our affiliates for our administrative purposes, IT management, or for them to provide services to you or support and supplement the Services we provide.
Other Players or Third Parties You Share or Interact With
. As described above in “
Personal Information We Collect
,” our Services may allow you to share personal information through your interactions with other players.
Advertising Partners
. We may share your personal information with third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering and measuring the effectiveness of personalized advertisements served to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.”
APIs/SDKs
. We may use third-party application program interfaces (“APIs”) and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. If you have additional questions about our use of third-party APIs/SDKs, please contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
If we are involved in an actual or proposed merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred in connection with such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
You have the power to control your own information. In addition to the automated controls on your various devices, you can also exercise your data-related rights directly with us. For example, depending on the laws where you live, you may ask us to delete your information, to make changes to your information, or request a copy of your data in a portable format. If you would like to make any of these requests, or just want to know more about your rights, you can contact us by submitting a request using our
webform
, or reach out to us directly at
privacy@wildlifestudios.com
.
Your Privacy Choices
. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described below.
Email Communications
. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding our Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy).
Push Notifications
. We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Personalized Advertising
. You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. In addition, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
,
iOS
,
and
others
.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
,
the Digital Advertising Alliance
,
the European Digital Advertising Alliance
, and
the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
“Do Not Track” / “Global Privacy Control.”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Additionally, some browsers or plug-ins use a “Global Privacy Control” (“GPC”), which you can learn more about at
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. However, if our site detects a GPC signal from your device, we will interpret it as a Do Not Sell request where required under applicable law, and we will also interpret it as a request to limit the sale or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising for residents of the European Economic Area, the UK, China and Brazil.
Your Privacy Rights
. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access Personal Information
about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information.
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information.
Request Deletion, Anonymization or Blocking
of your personal information when processing is based on your consent or when processing is unnecessary, excessive or noncompliant.
Request Restriction of or Object
to our processing of your personal information when processing is noncompliant.
Withdraw your Consent
to our processing of your personal information. Please note that your withdrawal will only take effect for future processing, and will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal. If you refrain from providing personal information or withdraw your consent to processing, some features of our Service may not be available.
Request data portability
and receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us.
Be informed
about third parties with which your personal information has been shared.
Request the review of decisions
taken exclusively based on automated processing
if these decisions could affect your data subject rights.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request using our
webform
, or contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
In addition to only holding on your data for as long as we reasonably need to in order to operate our business, we also have internal processes and procedures to safeguard your data from unauthorized third parties. While we can’t promise 100% perfect security, and reserve the right to notify you in case of a breach (regardless of your email preferences), know that we are serious about protecting your data here at Wildlife Studios.
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services, or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or loss of personal information.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail, or by sending an email to you.
We are a global company, and distribute our games in more than 200 countries. For that reason, your information may be transferred to different countries, such as the United States or Brazil, for processing and storage purposes. Please be aware that the privacy laws in these locations may be different from the laws in your home country. But don't worry, we're dedicated to making sure your information stays protected, no matter where it's located.
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States, Brazil, or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
If we transfer personal information which originates in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to a country that has not been found to provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection laws, one of the safeguards we may use to support such transfer is the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
.
For more information about the safeguards we use for international transfers of your personal information, please contact us as set forth in "
Contact Us”
below.
Residents of certain US states have additional rights and require specific disclosures, which are outlined below.
Depending on how you use our Services, the information we may have collected within the last twelve (12) months about you, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we have shared this information, are described in the table below.
Category of Personal Information Collected by Wildlife Studios
Category of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold And/or Shared
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, username, or other similar identifiers.
Service providers
Other players or third parties you share or interact with
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Advertising partners and data analytics providers (online identifiers only)
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, address.
Service providers
Data analytics providers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age.
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Service providers
Other players or third parties you share or interact with
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences.
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
We may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect for the purposes outlined in
Use of Information
above. Where required under applicable law, we will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we have collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without first providing you notice.
Wildlife Studios does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age, as the term “sell” is commonly understood. That said, we may share information with third-party advertising partners for the purpose of promoting our Services as described above. You may limit such sharing by following the instructions found above in the section titled
Your Privacy Choices and Rights
> Your Privacy Choices > Cookies and Personalized Advertising, or by contacting us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
Subject to applicable law, if you are a resident of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, or Colorado, you may have the following rights:
To Know and Access
: to obtain a copy of the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. (Note that this right only applies to Personal Information relating to you, and not to any other player.)
Deletion
: to request that we delete your Personal Information. This right may be limited to the extent that we are permitted or required by applicable law to retain certain information. (Note that if you request deletion of your Personal Information, you may no longer be able to use or access the Services. If you decide to use or access the Services again, we may consider this a new account, and may collect Personal Information associated with that account in accordance with this Privacy Policy.)
Opt-Out of “Sale” and Certain Sharing Practices
: you have the right to opt-out of certain information sharing practices with third parties who do not act as our service providers. In some states, like California, this information sharing may qualify as a “share” or a “sale,” while in other states, like Virginia, this information sharing may qualify as “targeted advertising” (collectively, “personalized advertising”). If you wish to opt-out of personalized advertising, you can opt out of said sharing by using our
webform
, or by contacting us as
set forth in “Contact Us” below
.
Correction
: to request the correction of inaccurate Personal Information that we may have on file about you.
Obtain additional details regarding our information practices
: You may have the right to request disclosures regarding our information practices. (Note that this information is generally available in this Privacy Policy).
We will not discriminate against you, in terms of price or services that we offer, if you exercise any of the rights listed above.
Verification and Appeal Process
: We are required by law to take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request. Please note that your exercise of these rights is subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g., the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the maintenance of legal privilege). If we are unable to process your request via you authenticating yourself on the Services, we may verify your request by asking for information sufficient to confirm your identity. Requests to exercise these rights may be granted in whole, in part, or not at all, depending on the scope and nature of the request and as permitted by applicable law. Where required by applicable law, we will notify you if we reject your request, and notify you of the reasons we are unable to honor your request.
If you are a resident of Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut, you have the right to appeal a request we deny when we have verified your identity and still decline to honor your request. The process for that appeal will be sent to you separately if your request is denied.
Authorized Agent
: Depending on where you live, you may have the right to use an authorized agent on their behalf to exercise a privacy right discussed above. If you are an authorized agent acting on behalf of a player to communicate with us or to exercise a privacy right discussed above, you must be able to demonstrate that you have the requisite authorization to act on behalf of the player, and have sufficient access to that player’s laptop, desktop, or mobile device to exercise that player’s right digitally. If you are an authorized agent trying to exercise rights on behalf of one of our players, then you can make a request on the player’s behalf by contacting us as set forth below in the “
Contact Us
” section: Such requests must include the following information: (1) a written authorization from the consumer that includes the consumer’s full name, address, telephone number and valid email address used by the consumer to interact with us, that is signed by the consumer and clearly bestows upon the agent the proper authority; and (2) a certificate of good standing with your state of organization.  Alternatively, an acting agent can provide a valid power of attorney signed by the consumer on the agent’s behalf and a valid email address used by the consumer to interact with us.  The email address of the consumer will be used to separately verify the agent’s authority with the consumer.
Refer-a-Friend, Promotions, and Similar Incentive Programs
: We may offer referral programs, promotions such as sweepstakes, or other incentivized information collection programs. We may offer incentives to you such as discounts or promotional items or credit in connection with these programs, wherein you provide Personal Information regarding your friends or colleagues (such as their email address) and receive rewards when they sign up to use our Services. (The referred party may also receive rewards for signing up via your referral.) Alternatively, we may ask you to provide your Personal Information in exchange for a reward or participation in a promotion. These programs are entirely voluntary and allow us to grow our business and provide additional benefits to you. The value of your information to us depends on how you ultimately use our Services, whereas the value of the referred party’s information to us depends on whether the referred party ultimately uses our Services. Said value will be reflected in the incentive offered in connection with each program. You may withdraw from the incentives at any time. In order to withdraw from the financial incentive, please contact us as described in “
Contact Us”
below.
Shine the Light Disclosure
: California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice that identifies the categories of Personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and provides contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like this information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information below.
De-Identified Information
. If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to reidentify such information, except to comply with applicable law.
Right for minors to remove posted content.
Where required by law, California residents under the age of 18 may request to have their posted content or information removed from the publicly-viewable portions of the Services by contacting us directly as set forth in
Contact Us
below or logging into their account and removing the content or information using our self-service tools.
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
privacy@wildlifestudios.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth in
Contact Us
below.
Although our apps are designed for a general audience, we take additional precautions in our games if we determine that they are targeted to children, such as including a neutral age-gate and disabling some features for kids.
Protecting children’s privacy online is very important to us. Although our Services are designed for a general audience, we take additional steps to limit access to Services that appeal to children based on the player’s age, such as by disabling social media plug-ins, chat features, and certain types of notification alerts. We also limit personal information collection and sharing to only what is necessary to support the internal operations of our Services.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has uploaded personal information to our site without your consent, or wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described in “
Contact Us
” below. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, if applicable.
Third-Party Websites/Applications. The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our players to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.
Supervisory Authority. If your personal information is subject to the applicable data protection laws of Australia, Brazil, the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or attorney general if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD)
EEA Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
Wildlife Studios is the controller of the personal information we process under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please submit a request using our
webform
, or contact us at:
Wildlife Studios
privacy@wildlifestudios.com
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
26544 of 41219 users who found this helpful.