Privacy Policy
English
(Deutsch:
s.u.
)
When you use my apps or visit my websites, certain data about you will be collected. This Privacy Policy explains, which personal data and non-personal data is collected and how I use this data.
I am responsible for the collection of the data:
Theodor Müller
privacy@trilliarden.net
This Privacy Policy applies to all my websites and apps (hereinafter collectively the “services”). Therefore please carefully read this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy and the consents associated therewith, please do not use any of my services.
1. Visiting my Websites
When visiting my websites (
trilliarden.net
,
mematic.net
,
emoticonsapp.net
), certain information will be transferred, e.g. your IP address. I also receive data about which device (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) you use, which browser (Safari, Chrome, etc.) you are using, the time at which you access the website, the so-called referrer, and the data volume transferred.
Such data cannot be used by me to identify the user. This data is not kept in log files and is only saved in aggregated form for statistical analyses. Such analyses help me make my websites more attractive and, if necessary, to improve my websites.
My websites do not use cookies.
The websites are hosted by a third party webhoster. Data will be transferred to and processed by the webhoster only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
2. Usage of my apps
2.1 Analytics
When using my apps, certain information will be transferred, e.g. your IP address. I also receive data on which device (iPhone, iPad, Android-Smartphone, etc.) you use, and for how long you perform which actions within the app (e.g. which level in a game you are playing, and your score). With your IP address, I can determine your approximate geographic location (e.g. which metropolitan area you are currently in).
This data will be anonymized (IP addresses are not retained), and cannot be used to  identify a user (for exceptions see paragraph 2.2). This data is collected for statistic analyses. Such analyses help me make my apps more attractive and, if necessary, to improve their functionalities. For example, I can make sure that certain levels in a game are neither too easy, nor too hard, I can determine which features users prefer to use so I can focus on improving those features, or I can see where my apps contain bugs.
For these analyses, I use the third-party services “Amplitude” and “Mixpanel”.
Amplitude is an analytics service of Amplitude Inc. in the United States. Data collected by Amplitude Inc. is transferred to servers of Amplitude Inc. in the United States, where they are stored. Data will be transferred to and processed by Amplitude Inc. only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
amplitude.com/privacy
.
Mixpanel is an analytics service of Mixpanel Inc. in the United States. Data collected by Mixpanel Inc. is transferred to servers of Mixpanel Inc., where they are stored. These servers are located in the EU. Data will be transferred to and processed by Mixpanel Inc. only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
You will find additional information about the manner in which Mixpanel processes data at:
mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
For the analyses of app crashes, I use the third-party service “Bugsnag”. Bugsnag is an analytics service of Bugsnag Inc. in the United States. Data collected by Bugsnag Inc. is transferred to servers of Bugsnag Inc. in the United States, where they are stored. Data will be transferred to and processed by the Bugsnag Inc. only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
You will find additional information about the manner in which Bugsnag processes data at:
docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
2.2 User-related Data
In some of my apps, certain data collected as per paragraph 2.1 are associated with an identifier (“Support Key”). This Support Key is uniquely tied to your app installation or your in-app purchases.
If you provide me this Support Key, I can access this data to provide better support to you. This data includes, for example, technical properties of your device on which you are using the app, crash reports generated on your device or information about duration or cancellation of your subscriptions. By providing me this Support Key, you agree that I access and use this data to provide support to you. The information gained from this access will not be used for other purposes.
3. Mematic
My app “Mematic” provides functionality to view, select and download images, stock photos, videos and Gifs. For this functionality I use the following services:
3.1 Tenor
Tenor is a service provided by Google Inc. By using this functionality, your IP address as well as usage data is collected, transmitted and processed. For more information, please read the Privacy Policy of Google Inc:
policies.google.com/privacy
3.2 Pexels
Pexels is a service provided by Pexels GmbH, Germany. By using this functionality, your IP address as well as usage data is collected, transmitted and processed. For more information, please read the Privacy Policy of Pexels GmbH:
pexels.com/privacy-policy/
3.3 Pixabay
Pixabay is a service provided by Pixabay GmbH, Germany. By using this functionality, your IP address as well as usage data is collected, transmitted and processed. For more information, please read the Privacy Policy of Pixabay GmbH:
pixabay.com/service/privacy/
3.4 Vimeo
Vimeo is a service provided by Vimeo.com, Inc. By using this functionality, your IP address as well as usage data is collected, transmitted and processed. For more information, please read the Privacy Policy of Vimeo.com, Inc:
vimeo.com/privacy
4. Email contact
You can send me messages by email. If you transmit personal data to me by email, I will use such data only for the purpose for which you entrust me with such data when you contact me.
5. Retention time
Your personal data will be stored for as long as this is necessary for achieving the defined purposes, or if I have a legal obligation to archive data for a certain time period.
6. Transfer of data to third parties
Your personal data will be transferred to third parties only if I have a legal obligation to do so, or if the data transfer is necessary for me to provide my services, as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
I may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy, for example if I add new functions or services to my apps. If these changes require your consent, I will notify you of these changes.
8. Your rights
Upon request, I provide you with information about whether I hold any of your personal data. You have the right to demand corrections or deletions of your personal data. To exercise these rights, contact me by email. In some cases, I may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case I will let you know if I am unable to do so and why.
You further have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding the processing of your personal data by me.
Last revised: March 8th 2023
Datenschutzerklärung
Deutsch
(English:
See above
)
Wenn du meine Apps benutzt oder meine Webseiten besuchst, werden Daten von dir erfasst. Diese Datenschutzerklärung erläutert, welche personenbezogenen und nicht-personenbezogenen Daten gesammelt werden und wie ich diese Daten verwende.
Verantwortlich für die Datenerhebung bin ich:
Theodor Müller
privacy@trilliarden.net
Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen gelten für alle meine Webseiten und Apps (im Folgenden “Dienste” genannt). Lies diese Datenschutzerklärung deshalb bitte sorgfältig. Wenn Du mit diesen Bestimmungen zum Datenschutz und den damit verbundenen Einwilligungen nicht einverstanden bist, nutze bitte keine meiner Dienste.
1. Besuch meiner Webseiten
Beim Aufruf meiner Webseiten (
trilliarden.net
,
mematic.net
,
emoticonsapp.net
) werden einige Informationen übertragen, z.B. Deine IP-Adresse. Ich erlange auch Daten darüber, welches Endgerät (Computer, Smartphone, Tablet, etc.) Du benutzt, welchen Browser (Safari, Chrome, etc.) Du verwendest und den Zeitpunkt des Zugriffs auf die Webseite, den sog. Referrer und übertragene Datenmengen.
Diese Daten können von mir nicht dazu verwendet werden, den einzelnen Nutzer zu identifizieren. Sie werden nicht in Logfiles, sondern nur aggregiert gespeichert und dienen statistischen Auswertungen. Solche Analysen helfen mir dabei, meine Webseiten attraktiver zu gestalten und deren Leistung bzw. Inhalte gegebenenfalls zu verbessern.
Meine Webseiten setzen keine Cookies.
Für den Betrieb der Webseite habe ich einen Webhoster beauftragt. Die Übertragung von Daten an diesen Webhoster findet nur aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder im Rahmen einer Auftragsverarbeitung statt.
2. Nutzung meiner Apps
2.1 Analytics
Bei der Nutzung meiner Apps werden verschiedene Informationen übertragen, z.B. deine IP-Adresse. Außerdem erlange ich Daten darüber, welches Gerät (iPhone, iPad, Android-Smartphone, etc.) du verwendest, und wie lange du welche Aktionen innerhalb der App durchführst (z.B. welches Level in einem Spiel du spielst und deinen Punktestand). Anhand der IP-Adresse kann ich deinen ungefähren Standort einschätzen (z.B. in welcher Metropolregion du dich befindest).
Diese Daten werden anonymisiert (IP-Adressen werden nicht gespeichert), und können somit nicht dazu verwendet werden, den einzelnen Nutzer zu identifizieren (Ausnahmen s. Absatz 2.2). Sie dienen statistischen Auswertungen. Solche Analysen helfen mir dabei, meine Apps attraktiver zu gestalten und deren Leistung bzw. Inhalte gegebenenfalls zu verbessern. Zum Beispiel kann ich sicherstellen, dass Level in einem Spiel nicht zu leicht oder zu schwer sind, entscheiden welche Funktionen Nutzer besonders gerne verwenden und noch erweitert werden können, oder sehen an welchen Stellen meine Apps Fehler enthalten.
Für diese Analyse habe ich die externen Dienste “Amplitude” und “Mixpanel” eingebunden.
Amplitude ist ein Analysedienst der Amplitude Inc. in den USA. Die von Amplitude Inc. gesammelten Informationen werden an Server von Amplitude Inc. in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Die Übertragung von Daten an Amplitude Inc. findet nur aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder im Rahmen einer Auftragsverarbeitung statt.
Weitere Informationen über die Art und Weise, wie Amplitude Daten verarbeitet, findest Du unter:
amplitude.com/privacy
.
Mixpanel ist ein Analysedienst der Mixpanel Inc. in den USA. Die von Mixpanel Inc. gesammelten Informationen werden an Server von Mixpanel Inc. übertragen und dort gespeichert. Der Standort dieser Server ist in der EU. Die Übertragung von Daten an Mixpanel Inc. findet nur aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder im Rahmen einer Auftragsverarbeitung statt.
Weitere Informationen über die Art und Weise, wie Mixpanel Daten verarbeitet, findest Du unter:
mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Für die Analyse von Abstürzen habe ich den externen Dienst “Bugsnag” eingebunden. Bugsnag ist ein Analysedienst der Bugsnag Inc. in den USA. Die von Bugsnag Inc. gesammelten Informationen werden an Server von Bugsnag Inc. in den USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Die Übertragung von Daten an Bugsnag Inc. findet nur aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder im Rahmen einer Auftragsverarbeitung statt.
Weitere Informationen über die Art und Weise, wie Bugsnag Daten verarbeitet, findest Du unter:
docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
2.2 Nutzerbezogene Daten
In manchen Apps werden einige der Daten die gemäß Absatz 2.1 erhobenen werden mit einer Kennung (“Support Key”) verknüpft. Dieser Support Key ist eindeutig mit deiner App-Installation oder mit deinen in-App-Käufen verbunden.
Wenn du mir diesen Support Key mitteilst, kann ich auf die erhobenen Daten zugreifen um besseren Support für dich zu leisten. Zu diesen Daten gehören beispielsweise die technischen Eigenschaften des Geräts auf dem du die App benutzt, Absturzprotokolle die auf deinem Gerät erzeugt wurden oder Informationen zu Laufzeiten und Kündigungen deiner Abonnements. Indem du mir diesen Support Key übermittelst erklärst du dich damit einverstanden, dass ich auf diese Daten zugreife und sie für deine Support-Anfragen verwende. Die Kenntnisse die ich aus diesem Zugriff erlange werde ich nicht für andere Zwecke verwenden.
3. Mematic
Meine App “Mematic” bietet die Möglichkeit, Bilder, Stockfotos, Videos und Gifs anzusehen, auszuwählen und herunterzuladen. Für diese Funktionalität habe ich folgende Dienste eingebunden:
3.1 Tenor
Tenor ist ein Dienst von Google Inc. Bei der Verwendung dieser Funktion werden deine IP-Adresse sowie Nutzungsdaten erhoben und verarbeitet. Weiterführende Informationen hierzu findest du in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google:
policies.google.com/privacy
3.2 Pexels
Pexels ist ein Dienst der Pexels GmbH in Deutschland. Bei der Verwendung dieser Funktion werden deine IP-Adresse sowie Nutzungsdaten erhoben und verarbeitet. Weiterführende Informationen hierzu findest du in der Datenschutzerklärung von Pexels:
pexels.com/de-DE/privacy-policy/
3.3 Pixabay
Pixabay ist ein Dienst der Pixabay GmbH in Deutschland. Bei der Verwendung dieser Funktion werden deine IP-Adresse sowie Nutzungsdaten erhoben und verarbeitet. Weiterführende Informationen hierzu findest du in der Datenschutzerklärung von Pixabay:
pixabay.com/de/service/privacy/
3.4 Vimeo
Vimeo ist ein Dienst der Vimeo.com, Inc. in den USA. Bei der Verwendung dieser Funktion werden deine IP-Adresse sowie Nutzungsdaten erhoben und verarbeitet. Weiterführende Informationen hierzu findest du in der Datenschutzerklärung von Vimeo.com Inc:
vimeo.com/privacy
4. Kontaktaufnahme per Email
Du hast die Möglichkeit, mir über meine Email-Adresse Nachrichten zu schreiben. Übermittelst Du mir hierbei personenbezogene Daten, verwende ich diese nur zu dem Zweck, zu dem Du mir diese bei der Kontaktaufnahme anvertraust.
5. Aufbewahrungsdauer der Daten
Deine personenbezogenen Daten werden so lange gespeichert, wie dies zur Erfüllung der vorgesehenen Zwecke notwendig ist, oder wenn gesetzliche Aufbewahrungsfristen eine Speicherung erforderlich machen.
6. Datenübermittlung an Dritte
Eine Übermittlung Deiner personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte findet nur statt, wenn ich gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet bin, oder die Datenweitergabe zum Anbieten meiner Dienste, wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben, erforderlich ist.
7. Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung
Es kann vorkommen, dass ich diese Datenschutzerklärung anpassen muss, zum Beispiel, wenn ich meinen Apps neue Funktionen und Services hinzufüge. Sofern durch die Änderungen eine Einwilligung deinerseits notwendig ist, werde ich dich über die Änderung informieren.
8. Deine Rechte
Auf Anfrage teile ich dir mit, ob ich personenbezogene Daten über dich gespeichert habe. Du hast das Recht, eine Korrektur oder eine Löschung von personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen. Schreibe mir hierzu eine Email. In einigen Fällen bin ich möglicherweise nicht in der Lage, deine personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen. Ich werde dich dann davon in Kenntnis setzen, dass ich die Löschung nicht vornehmen kann und warum nicht.
Du hast außerdem das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde über die Verarbeitung deiner personenbezogenen Daten durch mich einzureichen.
Stand: 08. März 2023