Your use of our RhymeZone.com service is governed by our
Terms of
      Use
OUR
TERMS OF USE
CONTAIN DISCLAIMERS OF
      WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THESE PROVISIONS AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS
      ABOUT HOW TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE WITH RHYMEZONE.COM, INCLUDING UNDER THIS PRIVACY
      NOTICE. PLEASE REVIEW. YOUR USE OF THE RHYMEZONE.COM SERVICE IS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
      PRIVACY NOTICE AND OUR
TERMS OF USE
.
RhymeZone.com
Website Privacy Notice
Effective Date: December 15, 2023
* Solely for purposes of placing advertising on the
    Services, the Services are affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive
    (“Raptive”), and Raptive will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To
    learn more about Raptive's data usage or to withdraw your consent to or opt-out of
    Raptive's processing of your personal information, please click here:
Raptive's Advertising Privacy
      Statement
.
Introduction
COPPA Compliance
Information that You Provide to Us
How We Use Information that You Provide to Us
Purposes of Processing the Information that You Provide to Us
Links to Other Websites
Information Collected Automatically & Other Information; Cookie
        Policy
Your Rights & Choices; Opt-Out
Security of Your Information
Data Storage and Retention
Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information about You
Privacy Notice for California Residents
EU Data Subject Rights
EU Representative and Data Protection Officer
Copyright
Business Transfers
Acceptance of Privacy Notice Terms and Conditions
Questions, Comments or Complaints
Introduction
Your privacy is important to us. We understand that you are aware of and care about your
    own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Notice sets forth
    your privacy rights and applies to personal data we may collect solely through your use of
    the RhymeZone.com service. This Privacy Notice does not govern our collection of personal
    information through any means other than through RhymeZone.com.
Your decision to use RhymeZone.com and provide your personal data is voluntary. We
    indicate on our online, mobile, and other registration forms what types of personal data
    are requested. You may choose not to submit requested information online or may choose to
    restrict the use of cookies (see 'Your Rights & Choices; Opt-Out' below for more
    information), but that may limit the services we are able to provide to you.
We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from
    time to time update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data processing
    practices or adopt new privacy policies. If you have concerns, please contact our data
    protection officer at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
COPPA Compliance
RhymeZone.com is intended for a general audience, and is not targeted to, and does not
    knowingly collect personal data from, minors under 13 years of age. We request that these
    individuals do not provide personal data through the RhymeZone.com service.
In accordance with the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we
    will never knowingly solicit, nor will we accept, personally identifiable information from
    Users known to be under 13 years of age in a manner not permitted by COPPA or other
    applicable laws.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe that we have collected personal information
    from your child in a manner not permitted by law, please contact us at:
dpo@RhymeZone.com
. We will remove the data to the
    extent required by applicable laws.
Information that You Provide to Us
RhymeZone.com protects the identity of visitors to the RhymeZone.com service by limiting
    the collection of personally identifiable information. Personal information provided by
    you to us will not be posted or published by us and will be shared with third parties only
    as provided herein. You can enjoy many of the features of RhymeZone.com without giving us
    your personal information.
Promotions and other special features
For certain promotions and to access certain features that may be available on
    RhymeZone.com, we collect information voluntarily submitted by you to us to deliver the
    requested feature that may include (but not be limited to) your name, email address, city,
    state and age. You may edit this information at any time to change, add or remove it from
    our RhymeZone.com service. We process your personal information to deliver the requested
    feature to you and to inform you of other benefits or opportunities associated with our
    RhymeZone.com service. We may also use this information for legitimate business purposes
    that help us understand our users' needs and interests to better tailor our products and
    services to meet your needs.
Game Play
Whenever you play RhymeZone.com, we collect data about your interactions with each
    RhymeZone.com. This information may be associated with your username, IP address or device
    ID for the purpose of providing the RhymeZone.com service and improving it.
Payment card information
You may choose to purchase goods or services from RhymeZone.com using a payment card.
    Typically, payment card information is provided directly by a User, via the RhymeZone.com
    service, into the PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which the RhymeZone.com
    service subscribes, and the RhymeZone.com service does not, itself, process or store your
    card information.
How We Use Information that You Provide to Us
Non-subscriber communications from us and our approved,
      third-party partners
If you choose to provide us with personal information through the RhymeZone.com service,
    you may receive the following types of emails from us:
Emails related to subscription-maintenance activities;
Emails highlighting new features, content, and usage tips for the RhymeZone.com
      service; and
Special offers from our approved, third-party partners, if you “opt-in” or give us
      your permission to send them.
When you provide us with your personal information, you can let us know that you do not wish
  to receive special offers from our third-party partners. Also, each special offer will have
  information available to allow you to “opt-out” if you no longer wish to receive special
  offers.
Authorized service providers
For legitimate business interests, we may share your personal information with service
    providers that perform certain services on our behalf, such as processing credit card
    payments, performing business and sales analysis, and supporting the RhymeZone.com
    service's functionality.
Business partners
When you make purchases or engage in our promotions, we may share personal information
    with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services,
    promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular
    merchant's offer or program, you expressly authorize us to provide your email address and
    other information to that merchant.
Surveys
We may occasionally conduct on-line surveys. All surveys are voluntary, and you may
    decline to participate.
Law enforcement
We also may disclose your information: In response to a subpoena or as otherwise required
    by law. When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to
    investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or
    other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of RhymeZone.com,
    our Users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law
    enforcement; or to enforce our
Terms of Use
or other
    agreements or policies.
Purposes of Processing the Information That You Provide to Us
As explained above, the RhymeZone.com service processes your data to provide you with the
    products and services you have requested or purchased from us, including special features
    and other content. Sometimes we use third-party providers to facilitate the delivery of
    the services described above, and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have
    access to your personal information for the sole purpose of providing services to you on
    our behalf.
We also use your data for legitimate business purposes that enable us to refine our the
    RhymeZone.com service and better tailor it to your needs and communicate with you about
    other products and services offered by RhymeZone.com. In addition, we may disclose your
    personal information in special legal circumstances. For instance, such information may be
    used where it is necessary to protect our copyright or intellectual property rights, or if
    the law requires us to do so.
You can update your personal information and change your marketing preferences at any
    time by sending an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Notice only governs information collected through the RhymeZone.com service.
    The RhymeZone.com service may contain links to websites or content (including
    advertisements) operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control.
    We encourage you to review the privacy policy of a third-party website before disclosing
    any personal information to the website. Do not supply personal information to these sites
    unless you have verified their security and privacy policies.
Information Collected Automatically & Other Information; Cookie Policy
Like other commercial websites, the RhymeZone.com service and its authorized partners use
    cookies (small files transferred from a website to its visitors' hard drives or browsers
    for record-keeping purposes), including essential, functional and analytical cookies, and
    other similar information-gathering technologies throughout the RhymeZone.com service to
    collect certain information automatically and store it in log files for a variety of
    legitimate business interests and purposes. This information may include (but is not
    limited to) internet protocol (IP) addresses, mobile device identifiers, the region or
    general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type,
    operating system and other usage information about your use of the RhymeZone.com service,
    including a history of the pages you view.
Web beacons, tags, and scripts may be used on the RhymeZone.com service or in email or
    other electronic communications we send to you. These assist us in delivering cookies,
    counting visits to the RhymeZone.com service, understanding usage and campaign
    effectiveness and determining whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may
    receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our third-party service
    providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
RhymeZone.com and its authorized partners use cookies, beacons, and other similar
    technologies on the RhymeZone.com service for legitimate business interests that enable us
    to permit you to navigate, use, and access secure areas of the RhymeZone.com service. We
    also use these technologies for statistical purposes and to analyze and improve the use of
    the RhymeZone.com service and prepare aggregated usage reports.
As described below, we use these technologies for legitimate business purposes to provide
    standard advertising controls, determine User response to advertisements and promotions,
    and deliver targeted advertisements that we or our partners believe will be of most
    interest to you.
We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to
    administer our website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad
    demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how our users, customers, and potential
    customers use the RhymeZone.com service. Among other things, this assists us in providing
    more relevant products and services. Please refer to
'Your Rights &
      Choices; Opt-Out'
below for more information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
    sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
    the RhymeZone.com service. For more information about cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
Analytics & usage data
For our legitimate business interests, we may process your
    personal information for analytic purposes on the RhymeZone.com service as described in
    this section.
Together with
Google
      Analytics
, we use cookies and software logs to monitor the use of the RhymeZone.com
    service and to gather non-personal information about visitors to RhymeZone.com. These
    monitoring systems allow us to track general information about our visitors, such as the
    type of browsers (for example, Firefox or Internet Explorer), the operating systems (for
    instance, Windows or Macintosh), or the Internet providers (for instance, Comcast) they
    use. This information is used for statistical and market research purposes to tailor
    content to usage patterns and to provide services requested by our customers.
We also have implemented certain
Google
      Analytics Advertiser
features. These tools use cookies to
    collect and store standard Internet logs and visitor information on our behalf, including
    information about what pages you visit, how long you are on RhymeZone.com, how you got
    here, and what you click on during your visit. This Google Analytics data is not tied to
    personal information, so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We use
    the data provided by Google Analytics to develop our services and content around our User
    demographics, interests, and behavior on our RhymeZone.com service. You can opt-out of
    this Google Analytics Advertiser feature using the Ads Settings located at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
. In
    addition, you can use the
Google
      Analytics Opt-Out
      Browser Add-on
to disable tracking by Google Analytics. To delete these cookies,
    please see your browser's privacy settings or follow the above instructions.
We also may receive other data about your use of our RhymeZone.com service from other
    sources. This information may include (but is not limited to) information about your
    activities across unrelated websites and mobile applications, information about the
    possible relationships between different browsers and devices and information that we
    receive from our third-party service providers. We may add this information to the
    information to the information we have already collected through our RhymeZone.com
    service.
Advertising on RhymeZone.com
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) for the
    purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Raptive will collect and use certain data
    for advertising purposes. To learn more about Raptive's data usage, click
here
The RhymeZone.com service may also rely on third-party service providers to do things
    like: take user-level information, anonymize it through hashing (a hashed email address
    might look something like this:
e820bb4aba5ad74c5a6ff1aca16641f6
) and match it
    against other anonymized, people-based identifiers - doing this helps us serve you
    personalized, relevant advertisements. Specifically, when you use our ad supported
    RhymeZone.com service, we may share information that we may collect from you, including
    your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating
    system, with our third-party service provider, LiveRamp Inc. and its group companies
    ('LiveRamp'). LiveRamp may use our first party cookie on your browser to match your shared
    information to their marketing databases in order to provide back a pseudonymous
    privacy-centric identifier for our use in real time bidding in digital advertising. These
    third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your
    browser. You have the choice to opt out of the use of your data by third-party service
    providers for this purpose at any time. Please find more information about opting out
below
.
Please note that limiting third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent
    our first-party cookies from being set in this way. Also, please know, if you opt-out of
    interest-based advertising
you will continue to
      receive ads on our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service, but not behaviorally
      targeted ads.
Also, if you opt out of RhymeZone.com's practices, you may continue to
    receive interest-based advertising through other companies. If you erase your browser's
    cookies, you may need to perform this process again.
Anonymous data
Anonymous aggregated data may be provided to other companies we do business with for
    statistical purposes. For example, we may report to advertisers that a certain percentage
    of our site's visitors are adults between the ages of 25 and 35.
Device identifiers
For our legitimate business interests, we process your device
    identifiers as described in this section.
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or cell phone to access our RhymeZone.com
    service, we may access and monitor one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers
    are small data files associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile
    device. A device identifier may deliver information to us or a third-party partner about
    how you browse and use the services and may help us or others provide reports or
    personalized ads. Some features of the services may not function properly if use or
    availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Third-party activities
For our legitimate business interests, and with your consent
    where this is required, we may process data collected by us for advertising, including
    interest-based advertising, as described in this section.
As described above, in order to monetize our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service, we
    work with third-party advertisers and advertising networks that use cookies and other
    similar technologies to target ads served to our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service.
    Our Privacy Notice does not cover the use of data that you provide directly to advertisers
    or third-party partners; that usage is governed by the advertiser's or third-party
    partner's privacy policy.
What does it mean to “serve ads”? When you visit a website, your Internet browser
    transmits a “request” to the computer that hosts the website (the “host server”)
    requesting that server to send you (or “serve”) the Web page that you are seeking. Most
    Web pages contain components that are pulled from different sources, for example, a Web
    page at a news site may get its weather section from one provider, its sports results from
    a different source, and advertisements from other servers. Our Web pages contain coding
    that directs your browser to fill the ad spaces on the Web pages with content served by
    advertisers and networks of advertisers to whom we have sold the ad spaces. The
    advertisers and networks use cookies and beacons to help manage ad delivery and frequency
    and to identify audience segment(s) for customized advertising (“targeting”). These
    cookies are used to identify your IP address, so that when you visit another website using
    the same advertising network, the network will recognize the cookie as one of its own,
    read the information on the cookie (the record of which sites in the network you have
    visited) and serve you an ad that you might be interested in, based on your past visits to
    other sites in the network. Advertising targeted based on past Web surfing is known as
    “behavioral advertising.”
RhymeZone.com does not provide any personal information to third-party advertisers about
    visitors to the RhymeZone.com service. Our Privacy Notice does not cover the use of
    information that may have been collected from you by third parties on other sites. If you
    would like to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt-out of having this
    information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to
    deliver targeted ads, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org
. Many of the same companies are
    members of the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You can learn
    more and opt-out of receiving targeted ads from them at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Some advertising networks require that we specifically list their opt-out links below.
    When you opt-out of a network, you may receive a “opt-out” cookie so that the network will
    know not to assign you new cookies in the future.
You will
      continue to receive ads from that network,
      but not behaviorally targeted ads
. If you erase your browser's cookies, you may
    need to perform this process again.
Your Rights & Choices; Opt-Out Choices
We participate in the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework and comply with its
Specifications and
      Policies
. Our Consent Management Platform (CMP)
    is LiveRamp with the CMP identification number 3.
Raptive's
      Advertising Privacy Statement
more fully describes the
    cookies, beacons and other similar technology used on the RhymeZone.com service and
    provides information on when and how Users can accept or reject them.
You can opt-out of being behaviorally targeted by RhymeZone.com (and other companies
    employing online advertising) via the following options:
Digital Advertising
        Alliance
Digital Advertising Alliance
        Canada
European Digital Advertising
        Alliance
Network Advertising
        Initiative
Please remember, if you opt out of interest-based advertising you will continue to
      receive ads on our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service, but not behaviorally
      targeted ads. Also, if you opt out of RhymeZone.com's practices, you may continue to
      receive interest-based advertising through other companies.
Browser controls
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
    sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
    our RhymeZone.com service. For more information about cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. Please note
    that limiting
    third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent our first-party cookies
    from being set in this way.
To manage or delete browser cookies, please see your browser's privacy settings.
To manage or delete Flash cookies, please use the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager
      here:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
Google Analytics
You can control the use of your personal data by Google Analytics by visiting the 'Your
    privacy controls' section of the Google Privacy Policy located at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US#infochoices
. You also
    can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google
    Analytics. To delete these cookies, please see your browser's privacy settings or follow
    the above instructions.
LiveRamp
To opt out of LiveRamp's use of your personal data, please head here:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals
When you visit a website in any browser, you automatically share information with that
    website, such as your IP address, and other standard PC information. If the website
    contains content provided by a third-party website (for example a web measurement tools
    such as a web beacon or scripts), some information about you may be automatically sent to
    the content provider. This type of arrangement has several benefits, such as allowing you
    to access third-party content from the RhymeZone.com service conveniently. Some internet
    browsers or other tools include “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that, when turned on, send a
    signal to websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked across websites over
    time. However, since no technology standard for DNT signals has been developed or adopted
    to date, the RhymeZone.com service does not currently respond to DNT signals.
Security of Your Information
Any personally identifiable information collected through this site is stored on
    limited-access servers. We will maintain safeguards to protect these servers and the
    information they store. In addition, to help protect the privacy of data and personally
    identifiable information you transmit through use of our RhymeZone.com service, we
    maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our
    security technology on an ongoing basis. We strive to restrict access to your personal
    data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services
    to you.
Data Storage and Retention
Your personal data is stored by us in the AWS Cloud - U.S. (eastern) and Singapore
    regions. We retain your information for the duration of your relationship with us and as
    long as necessary to permit us to use it for the legitimate business purposes that we have
    communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations. For more information on
    where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights
    of erasure and portability, please contact RhymeZone.com's data protection officer at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information about You
RhymeZone.com's headquarters are in the United States. Information we collect from you
    will be processed in the United States and may be stored, transferred to, and processed in
    any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. These
    countries may be outside your country of residence, including the United States, and may
    have different data protection laws than your country.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), RhymeZone.com collects and transfers
    personal data out of the EEA only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or
    to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of RhymeZone.com in a manner that does not
    outweigh your rights and freedoms. RhymeZone.com endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to
    protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with
    your relationship with us and the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Correcting, Updating, or Removing Personal Information; Account Deletion
Users may opt out of certain RhymeZone.com features or correct, update, or remove certain
    personal information that RhymeZone.com has collected about them through any of the means
    listed below. Please be sure to include the following information in your correspondence:
Your email address
Your first and last name
Your mailing address (street, city, state, zip code, and country)
Email us at:
dpo@RhymeZone.com
Account Deletion:
If you no longer wish to have a registered account, you may terminate your account by
    sending an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
. Because of
    the way we maintain the RhymeZone.com service, such deletion may not be immediate, and
    residual copies of your profile information or posts may remain on backup media for up to
    ninety (90) days.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained
    elsewhere in this Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who
    reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply
    with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA
    have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
The RhymeZone.com service collects information that identifies, relates to, describes,
    references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly
    or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In
    particular, the RhymeZone.com service may collect the following categories of personal
    information from its consumers:
Category
Collected
A.
Identifiers
YES
B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
        Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
YES
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
NO
D.
Commercial information.
YES
E.
Biometric information.
NO
E.
Internet or other similar network activity.
YES
F.
Geolocation data.
YES
G.
Sensory data.
NO
H.
Biometric information.
NO
I.
Professional or employment-related information.
NO
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and
        Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
NO
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
YES
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and
        Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical
        Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the
        Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California
        Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the
    following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share
      your name and contact information to ask a question about the RhymeZone.com service, we
      will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your
      personal information to purchase a product or service, we or our third-party service
      providers will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We
      may also save your information to facilitate new product or service orders and requests.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop the RhymeZone.com services, emails, and
      other products, services and platforms.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent
      transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including investigating
      and addressing your concerns and monitoring and improving our responses.
To personalize your emails or RhymeZone.com experience and to deliver content and
      product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and
      ads through the RhymeZone.com service, and other products, services and platforms.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the RhymeZone.com service and
      our apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, databases and other
      technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including developing and
      improving the RhymeZone.com service and our apps, emails, and other products, services
      and platforms.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order,
      or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set
      forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization,
      dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the RhymeZone.com assets,
      whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding,
      in which personal information held by RhymeZone.com about our Users is among the assets
      transferred.
RhymeZone.com will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the
    personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible
    purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
RhymeZone.com may disclose your personal information to a third-party for a business
    purpose or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales
    (see 'Sales of Personal Information' below). When we disclose personal information for a
    business purpose, we enter into a contract that describes the purpose and requires the
    recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any
    purpose except performing the contract. The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the
    personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice
    and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales (see 'Sales of Personal Information'
    below).
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contractors and service providers.
Data aggregators.
Third parties with whom we partner to offer products and services to you.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, RhymeZone.com has not disclosed any categories of
    personal information collected through the RhymeZone.com service for a business purpose.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, RhymeZone.com has not sold any of the categories of
    personal information collected through the RhymeZone.com service.
As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Notice, the Company and our advertising partners
    will collect the personal information identified in the table above (such as the cookies
    stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP
    address of your device) when you visit the RhymeZone.com or open our emails. We, and our
    partners, will use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on the RhymeZone.com
    service, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others' sites (or use others' apps).
    To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the
    information we collect with third parties.
If you do not wish for us or our partners to sell your personal information to third
    parties for advertising purposes, click the
“Do Not Sell My Info”
link accessible
    from the RhymeZone.com service. Note that although we will not sell your personal
    information after you click that button, we will continue to share some personal
    information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such
    instance) to help us perform advertising-related functions such as, but not limited to,
    measuring the effectiveness of our ads, managing how many times you may see an ad,
    reporting on the performance of our ads, ensuring the RhymeZone.com service is working
    correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, improving when and
    where you may see ads and/or reducing ad fraud. If you access the RhymeZone.com service
    from other devices or browsers, visit our
“Do Not Sell My Info”
link from those
    devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those
    devices or browsers. Additionally, although clicking the
“Do Not Sell My Info”
link
    will opt you out of the sale of your personal information for advertising purposes,
it will not opt you out of the use of previously
      collected and sold personal information (except for personal information sold within 90
      days prior to your exercising your right to opt out) or all interest-based
      advertising
. If you would like more information about how to opt out of
    interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please
    visit
http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#
. You
      may
      download the
      AppChoices app at
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
to
      opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile
      device to opt out.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their
    personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise
    those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about
    our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we
    receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal
      information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data
      portability request).
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, we will identify the
      personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your personal information
    that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive
    and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service
    providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception
    applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our
    service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a
      good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the
      context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract
      with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or
      illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended
      functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free
      speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code §
      1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in
      the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when
      the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the
      research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations
      based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the
      context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please
    submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you
    authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your
    personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your
    minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice
    within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person
      about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand,
      evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot
    verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information
    relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify
    the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of
    its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension
    period in writing in accordance with CCPA requirements.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If
    you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or
    electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable
    consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we
    cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select
    a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you
    to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless
    it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request
    warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost
    estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your
    personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal
    information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive
    affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between
    13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
    Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any
    time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a
    request to us by emailing
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking
    you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt
    back in to personal information sales at any time by clearing cookies from your browser or
    emailing
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will
    only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the
    request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless
    permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for like-goods or services, including through
      granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you with a different level or quality of like-goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for like-goods or services or a
      different level or quality of like-goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can
    result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial
    incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information's value and contain
    written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial
    incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. We
    currently provide the following financial incentives:
NONE
Other California Privacy Rights
California's “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits Users of our
    websites, mobile applications, and other products, services and platforms that are
    California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal
    information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request,
    please send an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
RhymeZone.com reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at
    any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on
    our website at RhymeZone.com and update the notice's effective date.
Your continued use
      of the RhymeZone.com service following the posting of changes constitutes your
      acceptance of such changes
.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which RhymeZone.com
    collects and uses your information described herein, your choices and rights regarding
    such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to
    contact us at:
Website:
www.RhymeZone.com
Email:
dpo@RhymeZone.com
EU Data Subject Rights
The EU and UK General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and other countries' privacy
    laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is
    available on the website of the United Kingdom's
Information Commissioner's Office
.
If you wish to confirm that the RhymeZone.com service is processing your personal data,
    or to have access to the personal data that RhymeZone.com may have about you, please
    contact us at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Data Protection Officer
RhymeZone.com is headquartered in the United States. RhymeZone.com has appointed a data
    protection officer for you to contact at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
if you
    have any questions or
    concerns about RhymeZone.com's personal data policies or practices.
Copyright
All of the content on the RhymeZone.com service is copyrighted, and it cannot be
    redistributed or used for commercial purposes.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business
    units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
    business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy
    Notice or Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the
    unlikely event that RhymeZone.com, or substantially all of its assets are acquired,
    customer information will be one of the transferred assets, and will remain subject to our
    Privacy Notice.
Acceptance of Privacy Notice Terms and Conditions
By using RhymeZone.com, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this
    RhymeZone.com Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this
    site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove
    portions of this policy at any time. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days
    after they are initially posted on the site. Please check this page periodically for any
    modifications. Your continued use of the RhymeZone.com service following the posting of
    any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Questions, Comments or Complaints
If you have questions about RhymeZone.com, please submit them via our
feedback
      form
. To correct, update, or remove personally identifiable information, please
    email us at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
. If you have any
    questions or concerns, please send an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.