PRIVACY POLICY

Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Thus, we have developed a privacy policy. Please take a moment to review our privacy policy and let us know if you have any questions.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Personal data is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact one person. We do not collect, store or use any personal information while you visit our site, or download or update our site or our products, except for the personal information that you provide to us when sending error reports or when accepting participate in online polls and other events. There is only one way to use the information you provide: to help us develop, deliver and improve our products and services and provide better service.

(1) Your prior permission;
(2) Applicable law, within or outside your country of residence, lawsuit, litigation;
(3) At the request of public and state bodies;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.

PUBLIC INFORMATION

Non-personal information is data in a form that does not allow direct communication with any particular person, such as your device identification number, CPN model, memory size, phone IMEI number, phone model, Rom, telephone operator, location, settings, removal, frequency of use, etc. We may collect and use non-personal information in the following cases. For a better understanding of user behavior, to solve problems in products and services, to improve our products, services and advertising, we can collect non-personal information, such as installation data, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we consider the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We take precautions - including administrative, technical and physical measures - to protect your personal information from loss, theft and abuse, as well as from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
When using certain products, services, or leave your comments, personal data you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information that you provide in these cases. Please be careful when using these features.

PRIVACY ISSUES

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us. We may update our privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy substantially, a notification will be posted on our website along with an updated privacy policy.