Western Europe
Did you know that on average there are 33 people influencing technology purchases within organizations in the United Kingdom?*  That represents one of the largest buying teams globally. We know this market – who the buyers are and how they want to be engaged – and can help you navigate the local nuances, and scale your programs globally.
*Source: 2023 Foundry Role & Influence of the Technology Decision-Maker study
22M+
Europe profiles
8M+
UK profiles
470K
Average monthly site visitors
Trusted editorial brands
With a comprehensive portfolio spanning digital, video, social and events  in 147 countries, Foundry’s global media brands such as CIO, CSO, Computerworld, Tech Advisor and Macworld provide local presence and coverage of the issues impacting the local market, and the global context needed to drive business forward.
Our brands help accelerate purchasing for the entire spectrum of tech buyers, from business technologists to enthusiasts.
See all Foundry brands
External link
Media
We help technology marketers and agencies drive awareness and achieve their objectives by engineering the right combination of media solutions – advertising, demand generation, content, research, and events.
Our model is based on data that’s generated, with full consent, from our award winning editorial brands. And because outcomes speak volumes, we measure ourselves on results.
Explore media services
External link
Martech
Our software and martech solutions include a best-in-class Account-Based Marketing (ABM) platform, intent data platform, Data-as-a-Service and an email marketing platform built for B2B.
These tools provide technology companies with buyer insight and intelligent foresight. They fuel demand generation, fill pipelines, and drive return on investment, helping technology marketers all over the world achieve their ambitions.
Explore martech
External link
Data
We know buying doesn’t happen all in one place, and intent data needs to represent everywhere buyers are active. Our deep relationships with technology buyers offer marketers an unprecedented level of clarity into the buyer journey with intent data they can trust.
Foundry Intent captures and unifies diverse signals from a variety of digital and non-digital sources to deliver a full picture of buying activity all in one place—with the granularity and decision-maker data you need to activate it.
Explore data
External link
Events
We run events across the UK that help bring people together. Confidence in our brand and reputation makes our events a trusted destination for buyers and suppliers of technology products alike. We create an environment where IT professionals and decision makers from reputable companies can connect, learn, and forge meaningful connections at events.
Explore events in this region
External link
3000+
event attendees annually
70%
C-suite or Director-level attendees
90%
from companies with 100+ employees
Explore our product offerings:
Branding/awareness
Generating brand awareness is the first step toward fostering relationships with enthusiasts. Establishing trust increases the likelihood a tech decision-maker will consider your brand during the buying process.
Content
Quality content drives engagement. Foundry’s content capabilities can help position your brand as a leader to your target audience.
Demand generation
Utilize Foundry’s exclusive first-party data to reach specific tech buyers based on purchase intent and other contextual insights.
Native
Showcase your message to a tailored and engaged audience through seamless native integration on Foundry’s editorial sites.
Research
Foundry offers primary research studies and audience analysis to help you discover the insights you need to create a strong marketing strategy.
Social
Drive awareness and engagement by tapping into Foundry’s suite of social products to showcase your message to a broad audience.
ABM
Personalize and scale your message to engage with a target list of your most valued customers with Foundry’s suite of account-based marketing services.
Global careers
Explore our open positions and imagine building your career at Foundry.
Join us
External link
Global footprint
We take pride in our global footprint. We operate in 15+ different markets and we’ve built relationships with communities all over the world.
Contact us
External link
Western Europe
Dublin
WeWork
2 Dublin Landings
North Wall Quay, Dublin 1
Dublin, D D01 V4A3
Dublin
Mezzanine Floor, Millennium House, Great Strand Street
Dublin 1, Ireland
London – Headquarters
21 Soho Square
London, W1D 3QP, United Kingdom
Staines
Staines One, Station Approach
Staines-upon-Thames, Middlesex, TW18 4LY, United Kingdom
Paris
48 Rue Cambon, 75001
Paris, France