PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs our data practices in connection with your use of the our Apps. This Privacy Policy is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR 2016/679).
We create Apps that can be downloaded freely, functioning on the basis of an advertising model. For many of our Apps, we also create a paid version that does not contain advertising. In general, if you do not want us to use your data to tailor the ads that are displayed within the App, you can choose to use a version that does not contain advertising.
By using the App, you are consenting to our processing of data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
1. What data do our Apps obtain?
We collect data about you and the way the Apps are used in various ways.
1.1.  Automatically Collected Data - The Apps collect certain data automatically, such as: such as the resettable advertising identifier assigned to your device, the IP address of your device, geographical data such as the location of your device, your operating system, Wi-Fi mac address in your area, the type of internet browsers you use, data connection status and success/failure of connection, and data about the way you use the App, installed applications on your device, and other non-personal data as reasonably required by us to enhance our services. If you activated 'Location' in the settings of your device and allowed the App to collect data about the precise location of your device, the App will collect such data. Furthermore, we may collect location data using network triangulation, GPS, and Wi-Fi IP address to determine your general device location. We also may collect location data and other diagnostic data through the Apps for network analytics and troubleshooting purposes.
1.2.  User Provided Data - The App obtains the data you provide when you download and use the App. We may ask that you provide:
(a) transaction-related data, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use Apps from us;
(b) data you provide us when you contact us for help.
2.  Data Sharing and Advertising
2.1  To the extent feasible, we only use your data in an anonymized, hashed or obfuscated way. We only use the personally identifiable information to the extent required to provide our services.
2.2  We may share your data with third parties in the ways that are described in this Privacy Statement. We may disclose  your data (a) as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, (b) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, (c) with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, which do not have an independent use of the data we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement, and (d) with third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below.
2.3  We may use and share the data, including the Automatically Collected Data and the User Provided Data, in an anonymized, hashed or obfuscated way for purposes of advertisement by us or our partners. We do not pass any personally identifiable data to ad networks or advertisers. The data may be used for the purpose of serving users advertisements based on particular users' presumed interests, and also to present advertisements in third-party applications or other platforms. We work with advertisers and third-party advertising companies that collect data about how you interact with advertising and content provided in the App, which helps us keep the cost of the App free. Advertisers and advertising companies use some of the data collected by the App, including the advertising identifier assigned to your device to serve advertisements that are targeted to your interests in the App. These third parties may also obtain anonymous data about other applications you've downloaded to your device, the websites and applications you visit, and your location in order to help analyse user behaviour and serve targeted advertising on the App and on other applications and websites. We may use and share your location data to provide you with localized data, including localized advertising, within the App. To learn how to opt out of the use of data collected from the App for targeted advertising purposes, please see the 'Managing Your Data' section of this Privacy Policy.
2.4  We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the App is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage.
2.5  If you have allowed us to collect data about your precise location by activating 'Location' in the settings of your device, we may share it with our ad network partners in order to tailor the ads that are displayed within the App.
2.6  The paid versions of our Apps generally do not contain advertising and will not use your data for this purpose. In the Apps that do not contain advertising, the data collection software will still collect data but will not use it to serve you interest-based advertising.
3.  Managing Your Data
3.1  You can stop all collection of data by the App easily by uninstalling the App. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your device or via the application marketplace or network.
3.2  You may at any time opt-out from further allowing the App to have access to your precise location data by deactivating 'Location' in the privacy settings on your device.
3.3  Most modern devices provide advertising identifiers. These identifiers have different names depending on the brand of your device. For example, they are called Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) on iOS/Apple devices, and Google Advertising ID (GAID) on Android devices. These operating systems let you see your advertising identifier in the settings of your device, and you control how it is used. It includes options for you to change your identifier and opt out of cross-app advertising. The features or functionality hereof may change at the discretion of the operating systems. To opt out of the use of data collected by our advertising partners across different applications to serve ads that are targeted to your interests, please consult the settings available on your device (for instance 'Limit Ad Tracking' on your iOS/Apple device and 'Opt out of interest-based ads' on your Android device).
3.4  The NAI and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) offer opt-out tools to assist you in managing your choices for participating companies. For more data about these tools please visit:
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
https://aboutads.info
4.  Children
We do not use the Apps to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with data without their consent, he or she should contact us at
room.hc@hotmail.com
. We will delete or anonymize such data from our files within a reasonable time.
5.  Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your personal data. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect data we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this data to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that data in order to operate, develop or improve our Apps. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for personal data we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. As stated above, we use anonymization techniques in order to limit the use of personally identifiable information as much as possible.
6.  Data Retention Policy
We will retain User Provided Data for as long as you use the App and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected data for up to 3 months and thereafter we will delete the data. If you'd like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the App, please contact us at
room.hc@hotmail.com
and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the App to function properly.
7.  Subscriptions
7.1  You may access parts of our apps for free, and other services and products require payment of subscription fees or in-app purchases. To access the premium features of our apps, which have additional features, including (but not limited to) ad-free experience, premium support, instant updates, you will have to pay via an auto-renewing subscription from Apple's iTunes store or Android's Google Play store.
7.2  Our auto-renewable subscriptions are purchased via an iTunes or Google Play auto-renewing subscription. This means your subscription is automatically renewed at the end of the subscription period.
7.3  You can modify or cancel your subscription at any time from within the application by signing in to your iTunes or Google Play account on your computer or iOS or Android device and changing the settings.
7.4  If you purchase a subscription with automatic renewal, you acknowledge and agree that we are authorized to charge you through your iTunes account for the renewal and you will be charged for the regular price of your subscription within 24 hours prior to the end of the current term. You can turn off automatic renewal in your iTunes account settings, but you must do so at least 24 hours before the end of the current term to avoid renewing. Refunds will not be provided for the unused portion of any term.
7.5  For more details: iOS:
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4098
-  Android:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2476088
7.6  Your payment is managed by Apple via iTunes or Google via Google Play and you will need to contact Apple or Google customer service for refunds, as we are not able to process refunds ourselves. Please note that if you purchase a subscription through the Apple iTunes Store or our iPhone or iPad applications, the sale is final, and we can not provide a refund. Your purchase will be subject to Apple's applicable payment policy, which also may not provide for refunds.
8.  Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
If you have any questions, please contact us at
room.hc@hotmail.com