Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy  Policy
This policy gives a description on how Ecapyc (“us”, “we”, or “our”) collects, stores, and uses information about you applying to all of our games on mobile devices, PCs or on other platforms in order to provide you and develop our products.
All Ecapyc activities regarding marketing and advertising and other services (“Services”) are governed by this Privacy Policy on all platforms that using or accessing a Service means you have agreed to the use of your information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
If there’s any concern regarding providing your information to us or you disagree it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not install or use the Services.
Information Collection
Your information is collected at the start of using our games and/or other Services, such as our website. Personal data include, but are not limited to: country and region, email address, device information, and game play information. We use this data to provide you with better of our games and Services in purposes of optimization, preventing fraud, and for marketing and advertising. We may also collect information from advertising platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about purchases and interests.
In more detail, the collecting information consists how you play our games (such as which item and how much of them got used, levels attempted and purchases made) and any permitted information you grant when creating an account with us and connecting to your social network accounts.
We may collect and process the following types of information:
the playtime of yours using our app.
if you have left the game on a specific level or if you have cleared it.
the score you earned in levels.
the items you use, purchase, and/or own.
information we collect via cookies and other similar technologies, as explained further below;
your interactions with us on our social media channels;
information as further set out in this Privacy Policy, including Social sharing features , Marketing and Advertising;
in any contact between you and us, we may keep a record in purposes to give best answer to provide you a better experience using our app.
from our other group companies or other third party companies who have your consent or have other legal right to share granted information with us (advertising networks and publishing partners, platforms). This may include your interests, other games you played, demographic and general location information. We will use this information as described in this Privacy Policy.
purchase history on behalf of our payment service providers to keep a record on if a purchase has been successfully made. We do not collect credit card information.
the type of your device, IP address, your game ID when using the app, and the country or region that you’re playing in.
If you choose not to connect to your social network accounts when using our games, we collect anonymous information and still there will be a device level identifiers and other information described here.
We may ask for your approval to collect other information in some circumstances from you or your device. Or any other similar activities be done we will inform you what information we are to collect, the reason we collect it, and how we will be using that information.
For the other purposes we may share your information with third party publishers who develop and provide games and other Services to your on our behalf.
We also use the information collected for analysis reason on an anonymized or aggregated basis to develop the products, to analyze the performance of our games, to troubleshoot and to enhance the quality and optimize the games to guarantee the best experience to those who use our Services as a whole.
Optimizing Our Services to Provide
We analyze and optimize to provide you the best of our products using your information included with use and analysis of aggregated data to verify that our websites work properly on all devices.
Customer Services
Your information data delivered or provided directly to us in communications in terms of customer service and through its channels will be used. We may use such information to contact you and to manage your account and relationship with us to improve your experience in our Services. (support@ecapyc.com)
Analytics and Research
We collect information using analytics tools such as third party analytics tools to see how you play our games or use our Services. Those tools may contain cookies or other similar tracking technologies. We may use your data for research and analytics purposes to engage with you directly. We may also create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence.
Social and Community
There are social and community channels we use to communicate with our players, we will receive your information only when you choose to interact with those channels, information be used in connection with those channels. We will more closely engage with you through those channels and may republish your posts to those channels.
Advertising
Our games are included with third party advertising for their products and services. We and our partners use your information to improve advertising and targeting to measure the relevant third party ads to show in our games. Information we may have about you such as: ad identifiers and other non-personal information collected from your device, how you interact with our game and Services the game play information, your age, country or region, and gender, and other information collected from third parties with legal right to share it with us are used to make sure that you only see ads from us that might be of interest to you.
Advertising Partners
Non-personal identifiers and other information collected from your device when you play our games or use our Services are shared with advertising partners in order to technically deliver the ads to your device. Such information may be combined with collected information of our advertising partners own to serve you with more relevant ads and to enhance the accuracy of their targeting. For more information we recommend for you to scan through our partners’ privacy policies on their websites.
– Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
– Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
– Inmobi:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
– Unity:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Ad Technology providers
Ad technology providers are allowed to serve and measure ads and other functions. We uses ad technology providers at
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
( * marked providers of the list). You can check the privacy policy of each providers.
Ad Identifiers
We use ad identifiers that are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android and/or Apple’s ID for advertising associated with your device, and similar technologies such as tracking pixels within ads to provide interest-based advertising. These technologies enable us and our third party advertising partners to recognize you and your device, allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform and help our payment processors to work it out your payment instructions.
How to reset your preferences for advertising
You may reset your ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising by changing the settings of your device usually found under “privacy” or “ads”. You can also opt-out from your information being collected if you live in the USA, Europe or Canada by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
(for US users),
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
(for European users) or
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
(for Canadian users). The full use of our Services may not available if you choose to adjust your preferences.
Your Rights and Controls
Right of Access
If you wish to know which information we collect and hold about you please contact us so we can verify your identity to provide you with requested information. If the information hold personal information about someone else we may not allow to give all the information asked for.
Information Correctness
If there is any information we hold about you that you would like to correct, please let us know at contact@bitmango.com we will make corrections as soon as possible.
Data Deletion
If you wish to delete any information about you, please contact us knowing that in order to complete the process you must delete our games from your mobile devices. There may be some information we will be still holding for other purposes such as protecting legal rights or maintaining financial records and marketing suppression lists. Any anonymised form that holds of your information may be retained as well.
Account Deactivation
You can deactivate your account you created in our game by contacting us. Please note that we may ask you about other information such as your mobile device information and once it is completely deactivated your unspent virtual items may not be remained.
Data Portability
You have the right to request the data provided to us to be transferred to another data controller in some circumstances.
Restriction of Processing
You may request a restriction of the processing of your data in some circumstances.
Right to Object
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data unless we indicates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which ignores the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject.
Direct Marketing Opt Out
Please follow the opt out link if you would like to receive direct marketing communications from us. If you choose to receive more than one type of marketing communications, you may need to opt out of all of them individually. A few days might take for our records to be effectively updated.
Opt-out
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling our application.
Age Limits
We do not knowingly collect personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under age 16. We also do not knowingly allow such persons to use our Services, if in any way such personal data have been processed under the age set out below, please contact us so we can delete that information as quickly as possible.
California Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the additional rights listed here.
Social sharing features
You have the right to know and see what information we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of information we have collected about you
The categories of sources from which the information is collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your information
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your information
The specific pieces of information we have collected about you
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete the information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Complete your transaction
Provide you a good or service
Perform a contract between us and you
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it
Fix our system in the case of a bug
Protect the free speech rights of you or other users
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.)
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it
Right to Opt-out
You have the right to “opt-out,” or direct us to stop “selling” or otherwise sharing your information with third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. To submit an opt-out request, check ‘Opt-out of targeted advertising’ at your device privacy settings.
Other Rights
You can request certain information about our disclosure of your information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year (to the extent we have shared information for such purposes within the given period). This request is free and may be made once a year. You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 25.03.2020.
Contact Us
Ecapyc Inc. Data Protection Officer: support@ecapyc.com
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it