I
ndependent
Developers
Home
Stop Animator
Download
Privacy Policy
Support
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 30 March 2024
This privacy policy governs your use of the mobile application Stop Animator (“Application”) that was created by Independent Developers, LLC (“Independent Developers”, “we”, “us”, “our”). This privacy policy applies to all information collected through the Application, any related services, sales, marketing, or events (“Sites”), and/or support requests or feedback given (“Support”). If you have any questions about this policy, please contact
privacy@inddev.io
. If there are any terms in this policy that you do not agree with, please do not use the Application and any related services.
Information Collection
Personal information you disclose to us
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services or otherwise contacting us. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Application, the choices you make, and the services and features you use.
The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data; We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
All personal information that you provide to use must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
We welcome feedback on any of our products and services. Any feedback you provide is considered non-confidential and not proprietary and we will be free to use and redistribute such information and ideas on an unrestricted basis, without any compensation to you. Upon the submission of any feedback to us, any ideas become the intellectual property of Independent Developers without owing any compensation to you and without any obligation to review, implement, or keep confidential any submissions.
Information collected automatically
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Application. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Application and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of the Application and for internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Information collected through the Application
When you use the Application, we may also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Data; We may automatically collect device information (device model, and manufacturer), operating system, version information, and IP address. With your consent, we collect unique device advertising identifiers.
Application Usage Data; We may automatically collect information about how and when you use the Application, which features you use, and the performance of the Application.
Error and Crash Traces; We may collect additional device information, error traces, and crash traces automatically.
Information Usage
We use personal information collected through the Application, Sites, Support for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (“Business Purposes”), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent (“Consent”), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on along with each purpose below.
Targeted Advertising
Mobile Device Data may be collected, stored, and used to deliver targeted advertising to you. If you live in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), this is done only with your Consent. If you live outside the EEA, this is done for our Business Purposes. We may work with third-parties to use your information to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests and/or geographic region and to measure ad effectiveness.
Improve Quality of Our Software Applications, Sites, and Support
Mobile Device Data and Application Usage Data may be collected, stored, and used to improve the quality of the Application, Sites, Support, and our other mobile applications. This is achieved through the use of Mobile Device Data, Application Usage Data, and Error and Crash Traces.
Mobile Device Data and Application Usage Data are used in order to generate internal reports and analyze trends in usage and to identify ways to improve our service and business. If you live in the EEA, these Data are collected, stored, and used with your Consent. If you live outside the EEA, these Data are collected, stored, and used for our Business Purposes.
Error and Crash Traces along with Limited Mobile Device Data (device model, operating system, version information) are used in order to generate internal reports, to identify unidentified and unreported issues with the Application, and to improve the quality of all of our software applications. Error and Crash Traces and Limited Mobile Device Data are automatically and anonymously collected for all users.
Respond to Feedback, Inquiries, Support, and Service Requests
We may use your information you disclose to us to respond to any Support in order to diagnose issues, provide customer support, and further our business interests. This is done with your implicit consent in reaching out to us. With your Consent, emails sent through the Application include a unique identifier to facilitate issue diagnosis and resolution. This information is not used for purposes other than responding to feedback, inquiries, support, and service requests.
Information Sharing
We disclose or share your information:
To our trusted services providers who work on our behalf;
As required by law;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If Independent Developers, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets;
To advertisers, third-party advertising networks, and analytics companies; and
With your consent.
Our Application uses the following data processing services. Their privacy policies are available here:
Google AdMob
Analytics for Firebase
Our application uses Google AdMob for advertising. A list of third-party advertisers and their privacy policies is available here:
Third-Party Advertisers
Third-Party Websites and Applications
The Application may contain advertisements from third parties not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy.
Data Retention
We will retain your data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain automatically collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.
Our data processing partners will store, process, and delete your data in accordance with their privacy policies and for the duration outlined there.
Information Safety
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. Although we have made our best effort, transmission of personal information to and from our Application, Services, or Support is at your own risk.
Information from Children
This Application, Services, and its Support does not knowingly collect data from or market to anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact
privacy@inddev.io
.
Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the EEA, you may review or change your privacy choices at any time within the Application. In version 3.0, navigate to your settings within the Application and select "Manage privacy options."
Updated Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy. The updated version will be indicated with an updated date and the updated version is effective as soon as it is published. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes.
Contact Information
You may contact our Data Protection Officer at
Sam Adams
sadams@inddev.io
+1 (801) 895-4975
Independent Developers, LLC
7342 S 1840 E
Salt Lake City, UT 84121
United States