Privacy and Cookies Notice
PRIVACY POLICY
This Website is owned by
Planet Sport Ltd (hereafter the “Business”)
, a Company registered in England and Wales.
We take user privacy seriously and take reasonable efforts to protect it. We have created this Privacy Policy (hereafter the “Policy”) to share with you our information collection and use practices. AS MORE CLEARLY DEFINED HEREIN, WE WILL NEVER KNOWINGLY SELL OR ASSIGN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE AND/OR APPROVAL. Please read this Policy carefully before sharing any personally identifiable information described below.
By using, registering for, or placing an order on this website at
http://www.loverugbyleague.com
, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy. Since this is a growing website and because Internet technologies are constantly evolving, this Policy is subject to change at any time and any changes will be posted on this page.
This Policy works hand-in-hand with the Terms and Conditions of Use, found here:
https://www.loverugbyleague.com/terms-conditions/
.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Our Registration Number is: ZA367891. For more information, visit the
ICO website
. For the purposes of the Data protection Act 1998, the Data Controller is Planet Sport Ltd of Avenue HQ, 10-12 East Parade, Leeds, England, LS1 2BH, (
info@planetsport.com
).
What personally identifiable information does the Business collect and how is it used?
When you visit, register or order products or services on
http://www.loverugbyleague.com
you may be asked to, or of your own volition, provide information from which you can be identified, including your name, email address, home or business address etc, as well as text you may upload and other technical data such as the IP address of the machine you use. The Business will not collect such information from users while they use the website unless they voluntarily provide it to us and authorise us to collect such information by their privacy choices. Users may provide other information about themselves from which they can be identified.
The Business may use or disclose all such information to:
carry out the service as requested by you
advise third parties of analysed information
and will retain such information for the following period of time:
for no longer than required to fulfil the sale of the product
for no longer than required to perform the service
We may also disclose personally identifiable information in the establishment or exercise of legal rights or defences against legal claims, to comply with applicable laws or regulations, to comply with a valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order or to investigate suspected fraud or a violation of our Terms and Conditions of Use.
We will never sell user information to any 3rd-party not affiliated with the Business, without your specific and unambiguous consent, except in connection with the sale or merger of the Business or the division responsible for such services provided.
The User may ‘opt out’ of any such sales by contacting customer service at
info@planetsport.com
.
The Business may, from time to time, send or post surveys or requests for your feedback to help us make our website and services better. Any responses we receive from users will be used only to evaluate our web site and services and no personally identifiable information from respondents will be shared with any non-employees of the Business, except that information provided in the Feedback/Comments areas.
If you are chosen for a promotion or as a winner in a contest, you give the Business permission to use your name, image, and other information about you, for marketing purposes.
To maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training, we may record and monitor incoming calls.
What non-personally identifiable information does the Business collect and how is it used?
The Business collects and tracks certain non-personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, IP numbers and browser type, access times, domain names, usage habits and other information which does not specifically identify any individual.
Does Planet Sport Ltd have a newsletter?
The Business regularly sends out a Newsletter via email (hereinafter “the Newsletter”) to all Users who provide an email address, unless they have ‘opted-out’. In these Newsletters, we may inform you about new features from Planet Sport Ltd and about the upcoming week’s events or special promotions.
Users may choose to unsubscribe from the Newsletter at any time by sending an email to Customer Service at
info@planetsport.com
. If you are registered on the website, you may unsubscribe from a Newsletter by logging in, accessing your account page and choosing the relevant option.
Disclosure of your information
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments, and provide support services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregated information on the usage of our website to third parties, but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
When you log into our website, we may share information we collect from you, such as your email (in a hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners, such as LiveRamp and Zeotap. The partners use this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your device. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and cannot be used to re-identify you.
We place this code in our cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third-party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may also use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them or their clients.
You have the right to express a choice regarding our sharing of this data with the partners, of the creation of this code, or of our sharing of the code with our advertising partners. You may also opt-out of such services with these partners directly (see the information in the Cookies section below).
Where you have consented when providing us with your details, we may also allow other companies in our group, to contact you occasionally about products and services which may be of interest to you. They may contact you by e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know at
info@planetsport.com
.
You agree that we may disclose your identity and contact details to: (1) Any third party who claims to us that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or their rights of privacy; and (2) To other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Finally, if our business enters a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Does the Business use cookies?
Cookies are small text files that a website can write to your computer or mobile device. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. We use cookies to identify you and allow you to log in once to our web site and search or post without having to log in again and again. Cookies are also used by our affiliates to identify you as a user of
http://www.loverugbyleague.com
.
The following table is a summary of the types of cookies that are being used on this site, along with information on how you can block them where relevant.
Cookie Type
Cookie File Names
Purpose
More information
Essential Site Cookies
Various
Site cookies are essential to the operation of this website. They are usually set when you first visit the site and deleted when you close your browser. If blocked, this site will not operate correctly.
Content Management System
Various
Cookies are set by our CMS/Blog system when you first visit this site. These cookies are usually deleted when a user closes their browser.
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect statistical information about how visitors use our site. The information is used to compile reports that let us improve the site. The information is collected in any anonymous form, and includes the number of visits to this site, how you arrived at the site, and which pages you visited.
You can opt-out of these cookies by following this
link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Adverts
Various
Our advertisers and advertising partners may use cookies to serve you with ads based on your previous search and web usage on this site and other sites. These cookies are not used directly by Planet Sport Ltd.
You can visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
for more information on how the information is used, and how you can block such cookies.You can also change your cookie acceptance settings for these providers on our site by clicking the
‘Change Consent’
link at the bottom of our pages.
Site Cookie Acceptance
cookietab-last-shown-time
cookietab-consent
These cookies are used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on this website.
Registration and Login Authentication
__unis_*
unis_*
These cookies are used by our registration and access management platform to chart your usage of our site, allow you to have a registration account, and enforce our rules on which visitors have the rights to see what content and use what functionality on our site.
You can delete your registration and profile data after you register by logging onto the site, clicking on the ‘My Account’ button in the navigation, then clicking on the three-dot menu button and choosing ‘Preferences’. Here you will find an option to ‘Close Account’.
Third-party Identity Graphs
Various
These cookies are used to associate the pseudonymous profile of a registered user to their devices for the purposes of identifying them on this site and on those sites and apps used by our partner’s clients to enable targeted advertising or analytics.
You can opt-out of the third-party identity graphs and processing of your data by our partners LiveRamp and Zeotap by following these links:
LiveRamp:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Zeotap:
https://zeotap.com/product-privacy-policy/
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
The Business does not use Cookies to store information such as credit card numbers, telephone numbers, or other information you provide.
This Privacy Policy only covers the use of Cookies by Planet Sport Ltd. It does not cover the use of Cookies by any other 3rd-party or advertisers.
Is my information private with Business merchants and advertisers?
This website may contain links to various 3rd-party websites and the external websites of our advertisers and/or 3rd-party partners. Each of these websites may have a privacy policy that differs from that of the Business. This Policy does not cover the privacy policies of other web sites. We urge you to check the privacy policies of each web site that you may visit or interact with.
The only Voluntary Information that may be shared between Business and one of our partner web sites is that which pertains to information used in the furtherance of tracking an order and providing you with correct information regarding same.
Order information, including order numbers and amounts, may be available to the Business, affiliate merchants and 3rd-party affiliate program management companies, for accurate tracking purposes. The Business will not release this information to other parties unless you request it.
The Business provides banner and other advertising on its website, from Google and other third parties, that may place and read cookies on your browser, or use web beacons to collect information in the course of advertisements being served. If you are concerned about your privacy regarding these advertisements, please refer to Google’s (or other third party) privacy policies.
What about data security?
We employ security measures to protect, so far as reasonably possible, your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period, or as long as the law requires or permits.
The Business requires that our advertisers and partners ensure the security of the data that users provide to them, however, in the event of a breach of their security measures, you agree that the Business will not be liable for any losses or damages.
The Business limits access to personal information about users to employees, for whom we reasonably believe it is necessary, to provide products or services.
What rights do I have in regard to the information the Business collects about me?
Under UK and EU legislation, and similar in other regions, you have a number of rights in regard to the personal data that we hold about you. You have a right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you. You have the right to correct the personal data we hold about you. Where applicable, you have the right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data. You have the right to ask us to delete your personal data. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for certain purposes. You have the right, where you have previously provided us with consent to use your personal data, to withdraw this consent at any time. You can access any of these rights by contacting our data protection and privacy administrator at
info@planetsport.com
. We do not raise any charge in providing you with details of the information we hold about you or acting on your wishes, but we may raise a charge where such requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character. We may either charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested or refuse to act on the request.
Alternatively, if you have registered for our site, you can log-in and access your account page from the
My Account
button in the site navigation. Here you may view your submitted data and communication preferences, make changes to them, delete them, or delete your whole data account with us.
Can I Opt-out?
The Business gives users the option to remove personally identifiable information from our list of active and/or registered users.
You may also choose to opt-out of certain communications from the Business, such as our Newsletters.
If you want to unsubscribe or opt-out of communications from us, send an email to Customer Service at
info@planetsport.com
. We will respond within 48 hours. Alternatively, log-in and access your account page from the
My Account
button to edit your data or preferences.
The Business is not responsible for removing personally identifiable information from the lists of any 3rd-party partners or advertisers who have previously been provided your information in accordance with this Policy.
Where is the web site located?
This website is maintained in the United Kingdom. If you are located outside of the U.K., by using the website, you authorise the import of your information and its use, as specified in this Policy. Please be aware that any data shared or collected may be transferred outside of the countries where it was collected, and outside of the EU or EEA, for processing and storage purposes.
What is the minimum age to use this website?
Use of
http://www.loverugbyleague.com
and its products/services are intended for persons who are eighteen (18) years or older, or business entities.
If proof comes to the attention of the Business that an individual user is under the age of eighteen (18) years, and is accessing our services and/or products without the consent, approval or authorisation of their parents or legal guardian or other person with legally recognised parental authority, the Business will immediately terminate such account.
Will there be changes to this Privacy Policy?
The Business reserves the right to amend this Policy at any time, in the event that this becomes necessary after initial release, or in the event that it becomes necessary with respect to additional, deleted, modified or amended services provided by the Business.
The Business will not personally notify you of any amendments to this Policy.
Users are urged to check this Policy frequently to determine whether any changes have been made. Users understand and agree that continued use of the website assumes that they have read and accepted this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time
.
Where can I access this policy?
This Policy is accessible from the Home Page of the website, under the link “Privacy Policy”.
Spy ware
The Business never uses or installs spy ware on user computers, nor do we use spy ware to retrieve information from user computers.
Your California Privacy Rights
IF YOU ARE A USER IN CALIFORNIA, USA:
The State of California, USA, has passed legislation requiring certain specific disclosures be made available to California residents who use the Internet and provide information that may be used for marketing purposes. That legislation requires any business that discloses a customer’s personal information (as defined by the “Act”) to any 3rd-party, for direct marketing purposes, to provide the customer a method for obtaining the names, addresses and certain other specified details of anyone who might have received that personal information. If you are a California resident you may request this information from Business by writing to:
Planet Sport Ltd,
Avenue HQ,
10-12 East Parade,
Leeds,
England,
LS1 2BH
Attn: California, USA Privacy Rights.
or by sending an e-mail, with “California, USA Privacy Rights” in the subject line, to
info@planetsport.com
. Planet Sport Ltd is not obligated to respond to more than one such request from User per calendar year.
Section Titles
The section titles used in this Policy are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to
info@planetsport.com
.
What is the effective date of this privacy policy?
This Privacy Policy was last updated, and became effective, on 23/06/2022.