App Store
Preview
This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and Apple Watch.
Screenshots
iPhone
Apple Watch
Description
The Decathlon Coach app can help you take care of your health and get back into shape, no matter what your objective or level is. It provides free, customised and varied training programs for running, cross-training, yoga, fitness, cardio workouts, Pilates, walking, strength training, and many other activities.
Track your performance with over 80 sports on your iPhone or Apple Watch.
WHY CHOOSE DECATHLON COACH?
Are you looking for the best app to do sport for free wherever you are?
Decathlon Coach adapts to your goals, motivating you to progress with your favourite sport and providing effective programmes to help you get back into shape.
Make progress thanks to varied and customised workouts that you can fit into your diary and suit your level (beginner, intermediate, advanced).
Let yourself be guided with voice coaching and exercise videos.
Monitor your performance with over 80 sports available in the app (running, trail, walking, pilates, yoga, fitness, strength training, cycling, boxing, badminton, etc.).
Decathlon coach will support you whether you train at home, outdoors and at the gym, offering over 250 coaching programmes or sessions with or without equipment.
Achieve your goals, no matter what they are: weight loss, keeping healthy, burning off calories, preparing for a run, building up strength, or simply getting fit.
FInd the best advice from experts to get started, progress and eat healthily.
Get access to the community's reviews and testimonials.
COMPLETE PROGRAMMES AND CUSTOMIZABLE SESSIONS
Decathlon supports you with programmes that suit your level of ability and allows you to pick and choose sessions you want.
-RUNNING: Gently get started or get back into running with training plans by level. You will also discover our goal-based programmes such as weight loss, improving your pace, preparing a race, a marathon or a trail run race.
-WALKING: Are you more into power walking, Nordic walking, or race walking? Our programmes adapt to  what you want.
-PILATES: Add Pilates to your regular sports activity or as the principal sport and progress at your pace to gently tone up your body and work on your core strength.
-STRENGTH & WEIGHT TRAINING: Gently get started with our bodyweight programmes and add weights to increase the difficulty. Our programmes provide you with guidance at home or the gym.
-YOGA: Make time for yourself with our yoga routines to relax, and make your body more supple and toned.
GET COACHING ADVICE FROM EXPERTS TO GET THE BEST OUT OF YOUR SESSIONS
Our coaches are here to help you get better started with your sports activity and progress at your own pace.
- Get into good habits and stay on track thanks to our advice.
- Discover efficient recovery techniques and well-being tips.
- Follow our nutritional advice as a complement to your sports activity.
SIGN UP AND KEEP TRACK OF YOUR PROGRESS
Get your sessions’ history and measure your progress over time.
- Find your sessions’ stats (time, route, calories burned, etc.).
- Record how you feel at the end of each session.
- Retrace the route you took on your run thanks to the GPS.
- Discover your progress month after month and year after year, thanks to the tracking graphs.
- Synchronize your sessions with Apple Health.
To sum up, discover an all-around coach at your fingertips for free, guiding you to do your favourite sport, whatever your level of ability. Let yourself be guided by the coach and be proud of your progress!
more
What’s New
Version History
11 Mar 2025
Version 2.38.0
All your answers, in one place.
Discover our brand-new FAQ & Support hub! Helpful tips and direct contact with our team, all just a tap away from your app settings. Simple, clear, and always by your side.
Ratings and Reviews
3.7
out of 5
7 Ratings
7 Ratings
Terrible! Spend some money, people!
Decathlon has, embarrassingly, one of the worst fitness apps I’ve seen. Horrible generic ‘robotic’ voice, still images that in no way describe or explain the exercise being attempted. And even the QR code printed on the product that’s suppose to ‘sync’ with this app (a very nicely made sand-weighted gym bag) sends the user to a generic page rather than one specific to the product. The sad thing is the product seems good. But, seriously, spend some money on developing your app, Decathlon. It’s comically bad!
more
Hello, Decathloncoach uses the "text to speech" technology. In other words, your phone generates the voices using text supplied by Decathloncoach.The advice below explains how to optimise it: https://tinyurl.com/4h56ydz4 Good luck with Decathloncoach!
more
Events
HAPPENING NOW
CHALLENGE
Challenge Yoga et Pilates
Réalisez 12 séances de yoga ou Pilates et gagnez 600 points de fidélité jusqu'au 31 mars.
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Decathlon
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Used to Track You
The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:
Identifiers
Usage Data
Data Linked to You
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:
Health & Fitness
Location
Contact Info
User Content
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data
Data Not Linked to You
The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:
Identifiers
Usage Data
Privacy practices may vary based on, for example, the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Information
Provider
Decathlon SA has identified itself as a trader for this app and confirmed that this product or service complies with European Union law.
Address
4 boulevard de Mons
59650 Villeneuve d'Ascq
France
Phone Number
+33 763210319
Email
baptiste.dajon@decathlon.com
Size
210.9 MB
Category
Health & Fitness
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 16.0 or later.
Apple Watch
Requires watchOS 9.0 or later.
Languages
English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Turkish
Age Rating
4+
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease battery life.
Copyright
© 2015, Decathlon S.A
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Privacy Policy
Licence Agreement
Developer Website
App Support
Licence Agreement
Privacy Policy
More By This Developer
See All
Decathlon Sports Shop
Shopping
Decathlon Connect
Health & Fitness
Domyos E Connected
Sports
Kiprun Pacer Running
Health & Fitness
Decathlon Camp
Lifestyle
Decathlon Ride
Sports
You Might Also Like
See All
FizzUp - Workouts & Nutrition
Health & Fitness
TSE - Sport & Nutrition
Health & Fitness
RunMotion Coach - Running
Health & Fitness
Le Secret Du Poids
Health & Fitness
Omena - menopause
Health & Fitness
OpenRunner – Bike, hike, trail
Health & Fitness