Privacy Policy
Effective October 2023
Last Amended October 2023
Privacy Policy
Tangelo Games Spain, S.L., ("Tangelo") hereby provides information on its Privacy Policy regarding the processing and protection of all personal data belonging to Users and Clients which may be collected by browsing or participating in our games on the Website
http://bestcasinoslots.com/
To this end, Tangelo guarantees compliance with current regulations on personal data protection as reflected in Organic Law 3/2018, dated 5 December, on the Protection of Personal Data and Guarantee of Digital Rights (LOPD GDD), and with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, dated 27 April 2016, on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (GDPR).
The use of the Website or the Best Casino App implies acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the terms and conditions included in the Legal Notice.
This document will help you to understand:
Who we are.
Our principles.
What information we collect from the user.
For what purposes we process our users' personal data.
The legal grounds for our processing of user data.
If we transfer or disclose user data to third parties.
How we store and secure that information.
The amount of time for which we store that data.
User rights.
Cookies policy.
This Privacy Policy covers the information that we collect from the user when they register and/or communicate and interact with us (for example, through email or through website forms), 
		as well as when they browse our Website (see the cookies policy for this last point) and use our App.
If the user does not agree with our privacy policy, they should not access or use any of our gaming services, nor should they interact with us. In any event, users can always exercise the rights contemplated in this privacy policy.
¿Who we are?
Company name:
Tangelo Games Spain, S.L.
TIN:
B65596744
Registered with the Commercial Registry of Barcelona
, volume 42,669, folio 130, page number B-413,720.
Address:
Amigó 11, 1st Floor 08021 Barcelona (Spain)
Customer Support:
support@tangelogames.com
Data protection officer contact:
dpd@tangelogames.com
Our principles
While processing users' personal data, Tangelo will apply the following principles, which comply with the GDPR:
Principle of lawfulness, fairness, and transparency:
Tangelo will always require consent for the processing of your personal data, and said consent may be for one or more specific purposes. Tangelo will inform the user in advance with absolute transparency about said purposes.
Principle of data minimization:
Tangelo will request from users only the data that is strictly necessary for the purpose or purposes for which it is being requested.
Principle of limited conservation period:
The data will be kept only for the amount of time strictly necessary for the purpose or purposes of processing. Tangelo will inform users on the corresponding conservation period depending on the purpose.
Principle of security and confidentiality:
The data will be processed in such a way that its security, confidentiality, and integrity are guaranteed. Tangelo takes the necessary precautions to prevent unauthorized access or improper use of its users' data by third parties.
Information we collect from the user purpose and legal grounds of processing
When connecting or registering on the Website or in the gaming App, users provide personal information for which Tangelo is responsible. This information may include personal data such as your IP address, name and surname, gender, email address, username, related contacts on social networks, and/or other information that you provide us with through correspondence. By providing this information, the user gives their consent for their information to be collected, used, managed, and stored by Tangelo.
Customer service forms:
Tangelo requests personal data which may include the user's name and email address in order to answer their questions. For example, Tangelo uses said data to respond to any messages, questions, complaints, comments, and concerns that you may have regarding the information included on the Website or in the gaming App, questions regarding the legal texts included on the Website or in the App, as well as any other queries you may have that are not subject to the conditions of the Website or the App. In this case, the legal grounds for processing is consent, through the acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Data to access the playing area by registering with your email:
In order to register on the Website or the App, the user will need to enter a username, email address, and password. However, Tangelo does not have access to user passwords. Additionally, we ask you to note your gender to
set a virtual character which will represent you when identifying yourself to other users. The legal basis for said processing is contractual.
Data that we receive when you register through a social
network:
When the registration is undertaken through a social network, said social network may provide personal data that we do not need. Of the data provided to us, we only store the user identifier corresponding to that social network. We never store your email address or your profile picture, if they exist on the social network.
Data on the friends of a social network user:
On the Website and in the App it is possible to play with friends and that is why we process lists of the friends that users may have on Facebook. In this case, the legal grounds for processing the list of friends associated with a user's Facebook profile is consent, through the acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
There are other purposes for which Tangelo processes your personal data:
To guarantee compliance with the conditions contained in the Legal Notice and in applicable law.:
This may include the development of tools and algorithms that help this Website or the App to guarantee the confidentiality of the personal data it collects. In this case, the legal grounds for processing is compliance with a legal obligation.
To support and improve the services offered by this Website:
In this case, the legal grounds for processing is consent, through the acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
To manage social networks:
Tangelo has a presence on social networks. If you become a follower on Tangelo's social networks, the processing of your personal data will be governed by this section, as well as by the terms and conditions for use, privacy policies, and access rules in place on the social network in question – all of which you have previously accepted. In this case, the legal grounds for processing is consent, through the acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
For statistical purposes:
In this case, the legal grounds for processing is consent, through the acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
You can read the privacy policies of the main social networks at these links:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
LinkedIn:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-EN
Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Under no circumstances will Tangelo use the profiles of followers on social networks to send advertising individually. The sending of advertising will be done only after obtaining the explicit consent of the user.
Transfer and disclosure of data to third parties
Tangelo does not transfer personal data to third parties unless said transfer is a legal or court requirement. Nor does it make international transfers of your personal data. There are Tangelo service providers, such as payment gateways, messaging services, hosting services, mailing list and analytics services, etc., that may have access to your personal data but only under Tangelo's instructions and with the legal and technical measures required by the GDPR to ensure that said data remains safe.
How we store and secure your information
We implement effective security measures designed to protect user data and information. Having said that, there does not exist an impenetrable security system and, due to the inherent nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee that the information we have about you on our servers and stored with our service providers (partly because this is not within our control) is safe from all types of intrusion by third parties.
Conservation of your data
The personal data provided will be kept for the amount of time necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and to determine any possible liabilities that may arise therefrom, in addition to keeping said data for the periods established in the law on files and documentation.
Your rights
Users have the right to obtain information about the type of processing we carry out on their data at any time. You may exercise your rights to access, rectify, and delete your data, as well as your rights to request data portability and oppose and limit data processing, in addition to your right to not be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing, as applicable, by writing to us via email and indicating exactly which right or rights you would like to exercise. You can also exercise these rights before the Spanish Data Protection Agency, St/ Jorge Juan, 6, 28001- Madrid or at the email address
dpd@aepd.es.
In order to comply with the principles of maintaining users informed and being transparent, basic information on the rights provided by the GDPR is briefly detailed below:
Access
By exercising this right, users can discover what personal data is being processed by Tangelo in addition to finding out about its purpose, its origin, and its possible transfer to third parties.
Rectification
This means that users can modify any personal data that is inaccurate or incomplete, specifying in the request what data the user wants to have modified.
Deletion
This allows for the deletion of personal data that is inappropriate or excessive. Send an email to
support@tangelogames.com
to initiate the data deletion process, indicating in the subject "Request for data deletion"
Opposition
Thanks to the right to oppose, you can oppose the processing of your data in cases such as advertising activities and sales prospecting, or when said processing has the purpose of adopting a decision about the user based solely on automated processing of their personal information.
Portability
The user may receive their personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and then transfer said data to another data controller – provided this is technically possible.
Data limitation and the right to be forgotten
The user may request the limitation of personal data without undue delay if any of the cases contemplated occurs. For example, illegal data processing or if the purpose that brought about data processing or collection has disappeared.
Updates to the privacy policy
Tangelo may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our practices regarding personal data, and/or changes in applicable law. The text "Last Updated" at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was last revised. All changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy. We may provide you with information and alerts regarding the Privacy Policy and personal data collection by means of publications on our Website and via email if you have registered on the Website.
Cookies policy
This website does not use cookies or collect any personal information through cookies
This website does not use cookies or collect any personal information through cookies