+
Privacy Policy
Vizmato is a video creation application that is developed and published by Global Delight Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Global Delight respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you. This Privacy Policy defines how Global Delight collects, uses and manages your personal information in relation to the application - Vizmato.
When you use our application, you will share some information with us, so we want to be as upfront and clear as possible about all the information we collect and it’s application.
Information We Collect
There are two basic categories of information we collect:
Information you choose to give us
Information we get when you use our services
Here’s a little more detail on each of these categories.
Information You Choose to Give Us:
When you interact with our services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us. For example, when you create a Vizmato Profile (in the Explore section) you willingly sign in with your Google id and give us your gmail account name. We use this email addres to create a profile used to save the links of the creations you’ve chosen to share on the Vizmato platform.
It probably goes without saying, but we’ll say it anyway: When you contact customer support or communicate with us in any other way, we’ll collect whatever information you voluntarily share with us.
Information We Get When You Use Our Services:
When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. For example, we might know how many videos you’ve created, which fiters you’ve used, as well as any bugs/issues you might have encoutnered. We’ve provided a more detailed explanation of the types of information we collect when you use our services:
Usage Information:
We collect information about your activity through our services. For example, we may collect information about:
How you interact with our services, such as which themes/filters/effects you use, which different features of the product you’ve tried, how often you create videos, etc.
How many friends you’ve invited to download the Vizmato application. We might use this to unlock rewards (freebies) within the app for you
How many videos you’ve seen in the Explore section as well as the number of videos you’ve decided to share on our platform
Device Information:
We collect information from and about the devices you use. For example, we collect:
Information about your hardware and software, such as the hardware model, operating system version, device memory, advertising identifiers, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers and default language
Information about your wireless and mobile network connections, service provider, and IP Address.
Device Phonebook:
Because Vizmato is all about sharing your videos with friends, we may—with your permission—collect information from your device’s phonebook to ease the sharing process
Camera, Microphone, Photos Access:
Many of our services require us to collect videoes/images and other information from your device’s camera and photos. For example, you won’t be able to record videos from your camera or edit videos from your saved videos unless we can access your camera and storage.
Location Information:
When you use our services we may collect information about your location. With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies:
Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity and device. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services.
Log Information:
We also collect log information when you use our website. That information includes, among other things:
device information, such as your web browser type and language.
access times.
pages viewed.
IP address.
identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser.
pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.
How We Use Information:
We use your information to provide you with the best possible experience within our app, which would include new features, new additions of different elements, improved performance of the app as well communicate or engage with your personally. These are a few key areas which we work on using your data -
Develop new features and improve existing ones :
Studying data from a lot Vizmato users can help us see trends in the ways that people use the app. Our teams work closely together to develop fun, imaginative new features. You actually help out our development team every day, just by using our products!
Reach Out to you:
Send you communications via push notifications or email. For example, we may use email to respond to support inquiries or to share information about our products, services, and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Personalisation and Context:
No two people are the same, so we use some of your information to tailor your Vizmato experience especially for you! For example, we personalize the languge settings within the app to your default language on your device (only applicapable for US, Brazil, Russia). 
				We also use information to help give our notifications some context, based on where you are and what’s going on around you! We also have pricing on in-app purchases based on your specific country.
Keep Things Up & Running:
To keep things running, we also monitor the way our products and features are used, analyze trends, and listen to your feedback to help improve them every day! For example, we might analyze how long you’re in the app, what Themes you use the most, and what keeps you engaged within our app.
We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date. It’s important to make sure that our camera can record in high quality, across as many different devices as possible. So, if you got a new phone on launch day, we might assess the performance of your device to make sure that we’re optimizing you experience in Vizmato accordingly
We also monitor bugs, crashes and errors across different devices and operating system to understand how to prevent future errors or functionality problems on your different devices.
Keep Our Services Safe & Secure:
It’s important to us that you’re as safe and secure as possible when you’re using our services, so we use some of your information to enhance the safety and security of our products and services. verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity
Enforce our Terms and Conditions :
This category is mostly legal, but an important one in some conditions. To uphold the Terms and Conditions of usage of our app. Fore example, we might need to monitor your data to make sure that nothing inappropriate is posted on the Vizmato platform.
How we share information :
Your information is shared only by us in the ways mentioned above. None of the data collected by us is shared with 3rd parties, business partners or even advertisers.  The parties that data is shared with is explained in detail below –
Shared with other Vizmato users:
When you create a profile in Vizmato and share a video on the Vizmato platform (Explore section), the link of your creation is shared on our platform where users can view you video and choose to share it with their friends as well. No other details, such as you email address are shared with any other users. Only what you choose to show to other users will be displayed by us
With third parties :
We may share your information with the following third parties:
a. With service providers:
We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf. Some of these include analytics platforms that help us understand your usage of our app, measurement partners who hep us track whether you’ve invited friends to use our app as well as payment providers such at iTunes/Google Play wallet.
b. With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition:
If Global Delight gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.
Data Protection & Retention:
We have implemented adequate technical and organizational security measures of such standard as prescribed under applicable laws, regulations, rules, etc. in force, to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing.
We retain your information mentioned to this Privacy Policy only as long as necessary for business purposes or legal/regulatory reasons. Generally, if you unintall the app and do not use it for a total of 30 working days, your data is deleted from our system.
We respect the need for you to control your privacy, and we have provided you the right to opt out of sending data, requesting for a backup of your data and even a permanent deletion of your account.
Third-Party Terms and Conditions:
Please note that while using Vizmato, you may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies, such as app stores, on-line social sharing platforms, external data storage clouds and payment related service providers, if any. 
		You recognize and agree that Global Delight is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data, and that your access and use of the App is subject to such terms and conditions, and privacy policies of such third-parties.
Revisions of the Privacy Policy:
Global Delight reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy as required; therefore please review it frequently. If Global Delight makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Global Delight will notify you by means of a notice within the Vizmato App or by email.
YouTube:
The Share with Vizmato action uploads your video to YouTube. All content is hosted in YouTube and follows their ToS. However the details such as video id, link is obtained by Vizmato and content curation purposes.
YouTube ToS:
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
Google Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy