Privacy Policy
Last updated: 04.20.18
At wwaytv3.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by wwaytv3.com and how it is used.
wwaytv3.com and its sub-domains are maintained at WWAY-TV, LLC headquarters located at 1224 Magnolia Village Way, Leland, NC 28451.  You can contact the website department by sending an email to webmaster@wwaytv3.com.
THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
Non-personally identifiable information – When visitors come to wwaytv3.com, we collect and aggregate information using Google Analytics. Google Analytics gathers information including pages visited and the order in which they were visited. Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the website. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us diagnose problems with our host server, administer the website, identify the most popular areas of the website, and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities.
All non-personal information we gather is used to build higher quality, more useful online services. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who show interest in a particular subject.
For more information about exactly what information is gathered by Google Analytics visit their website –
google.com/analytics
Personally identifiable information – In certain areas of the website, such as online contests, we may require that you provide personally identifiable information; this may include your name, company name, address, phone number and email address. Keep in mind that when we need information that personally identifies you, we ask for it explicitly.
If and when we sponsor promotions or contests, or third parties sponsor promotions or contests in conjunction with us, either we or the third party will post relevant privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that particular promotion or contest. (Please ALWAYS read the rules of a contest before you enter!) Other than that your information will not be sold or turned-over to a third party without you being informed.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS
Within the WWAY website we have provided links and pointers to internet sites maintained by third parties. WWAY-TV, LLC does not operate or control, in any respect, the information gathered by these third parties. The material in the third party sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. Merchandise, services and subscriptions purchased from a third party are not warranted by WWAY-TV, LLC. Please read the Privacy Policy on all third-party websites before giving away personal information.
GENERAL INFORMATION
WWAY-TV, LLC does not warrant that the functions contained in this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site, or the host server are free of viruses or other harmful components.
This site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. You may opt-out from the data that https://smart-pixl.com is collecting on your visit through a universal consumer options page located at https://smart-pixl.com/Unsub/unsub.html
WWAY-TV, LLC does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of materials in this site (or in third party sites) in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Urologist: Many Men With an Enlarged Prostate Don't Know About This Simple Trick
Titan Flow
We've Got Your Eyes Covered - Find Your Perfect Pair!
Unbox a Monthly Surprise of Fun for You and Your Pup!
Local Events
What's On
Complete TV Programming