Privacy policy
When the application uses personal information such as the location information of your mobile device, we will comply with applicable laws and norms regarding personal information and comply with the following privacy policy.
When this application gets personal information such as the location information of mobile devices, it is dangerous to operate this application at that time, and the purpose of use will be presented when the application is started for the first time.
If the customer agrees, we will acquire and use it only while connecting to the in-car device or running the application.
In addition, the acquired personal information will be used only within the scope of the purpose of realizing the functions of each application on the in-car device.
We will properly manage security so that there is no unauthorized access, loss, leakage, falsification, or theft of the personal information you provide.
For each application on the in-car device provides services and functions to the customer, it may provide the location information of the mobile device to the service provider with whom we have a contract.
For example, running the weather app provides location information to the weather information service provider and obtains the weather forecast for that location.
The acquired personal information will not be used for any purpose other than the functions of each application on the in-car device, such as DM transmission and advertisement distribution.
The following are the in-car applications that we need to retrieve location information and provide to the service provider to ensure the functions of the in-car application.
In addition, if the following applicable application is not displayed on the in-car device and cannot be used, it will not provide personal information to the relevant service provider.
Weather:
It may send your mobile device's location information to OpenWeather to display the weather forecast around your location.
The location information of the mobile device is acquired and used only when the app is running on the in-car device and displaying the weather forecast of the surrounding area.
And it is not acquired or used at other timing.
You can read about OpenWeather's privacy policy.
https://openweather.co.uk/privacy-policy
Yelp:
It may send location information for your mobile device to Yelp to display search results for poi information around your location.
The location information of the mobile device is acquired and used only when the app is running on the in-car device and displaying the search results of the poi information around the current location.
And it is not acquired or used at other timing.
You can read about Yelp's privacy policy.
https://terms.yelp.com/privacy/
eBird:
It may send location information for mobile devices to Cornell University's eBird service to display search results for location information around your location.
The location information of the mobile device is acquired and used only when the app is running on the in-car device and displaying the search results of the location information around the current location.
And it is not acquired or used at other timing.
You can see Cornell University's eBird's privacy policy.
https://www.birds.cornell.edu/home/privacy
Magellan:
It may send location information for mobile devices to Magellan to realize the navigation function.
The location information of the mobile device is acquired and used only when the app is running on the in-car device and executing the navigation function.
And it is not acquired or used at other timing.
You can see Magellan's privacy policy.
https://www.magellangps.com/company/privacy-policy
SmartPlaceSearch:
It may send the location information of your mobile device to Google to display the search results of the location information around your current location.
The location information of the mobile device is acquired and used only when the app is running on the in-car device and displaying the search results of the location information around the current location.
And it is not acquired or used at other timing.
You can see Google's privacy policy.
https://policies.google.com/privacy