Privacy policy
Climote data privacy policy
climote is committed to protecting the security and privacy of your personal data. We do not sell or otherwise market your personal data to anyone for any reason and we comply with the applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security.
The policy below will help you understand what information climote may collect, how we will use and safeguard that information and with whom we may share it.
Personal data
We collect information in order to provide you with our products and services, supply updates and offer information on new services. We will not collect any personal data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, survey), or otherwise provide your consent.
We collect personal information about you in a number of ways:
When you first register with climote.
We collect information from you when you register for one of our services or participate in a climote promotion. This information may include personal information, including your phone number, address and details about your domestic energy usage and products.
When you use our products and services.
Once you are registered, we collect and maintain personal information about your account activity, including your heating and cooling settings, adjustments to those settings, occupancy patterns, and other information about your home and your interaction with your home. This information allows us to provide the services you have requested and manage your account.
When you use our websites.
When you visit our websites, we may use devices known as “cookies”, graphic interchange format files (GIFs), or other similar web tools to enhance your web experience. These tools help us to recognise you, maintain your web session, and provide a more personalised experience.
Collectively, the information about you that climote gathers from all sources is referred to as “Your Data.”. There are more details about how and when we add information to Your Data at the end of this document. Your Data does not include information that third parties may independently gather from other Websites about you.
Non-personal data collected automatically
When you access our Websites, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We may use this data and share it with our affiliates to monitor the attractiveness of our Websites and improve their performance or content.
“Cookies” – Information stored automatically on your computer
When you view one of our Websites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a “cookie” to automatically recognise your PC next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Website to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
How we use information we collect
climote uses Your Data, including both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information in both aggregated and individual forms, to provide and support the climote services. We may process and use this data for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy including, but not limited to:
Customise, monitor and improve the climote services and the content and advertising provided through them
Enforce our Terms of Service and detect fraud and other illegal activities
Bill and collect for any applicable fees or charges
Let you know about new products or services from climote or other companies we work with as well as promotional offers, based on your preference settings
Let you know about changes to the climote services, the Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, and other terms that apply to our services and
Update any programs or other tools that we provide in conjunction with the climote services.
climote may use Your Data in these forms for internal business purposes, such as for license reporting and assessment of service levels, to better understand how the climote services are used, to gauge the effectiveness of the climote services, or determine ways to improve or modify the climote services.
climote may also use Your Data to customise the climote services and make them more relevant to you. For example, climote may use such data to make recommendations on ways to save energy in your home.
climote may use your Registration Data to verify that you are the person authorised to use the climote services or to manage your account.
How we share and use your information with climote affiliates
The term climote may include affiliated companies that are owned by Smart Energy Upgrade Ltd. climote may share information we collect about you within our family of companies to help:
Provide you with better service or to perform services on your behalf
Respond to communications from you
Make it more convenient for you to use our services.
At any time, you may instruct climote not to share information about you with our affiliates for certain purposes, as explained below under “How to Limit the Sharing and Use of Your Information.”
How We Share Your Information Outside of climote
We may share your information with outside companies and other third parties in certain limited circumstances, including:
To help us install equipment in your home and activate your climote services
When we use other companies to provide services for us, such as installation and customer support
When we believe that disclosure is required or permitted under law (for example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement, resolve consumer disputes, perform credit/authentication checks or for risk control)
How to Limit the Sharing and Use of Your Information
You may choose to limit the information we share about you among our affiliates and joint-marketing partners for marketing purposes. If you choose to do so, climote will not share with our affiliates consumer reports and other personal information about you that may be used:
to determine your eligibility for credit (for example, information about your income, profession or employment status);
to allow our affiliates to market their products or services to you based on eligibility information they receive from another climote affiliate or
to share personal information about you with an outside company for joint-marketing purposes.
You may exercise this choice by contacting us at the numbers or email address in the “Contact Us” section. You only need to contact us once, and your choice will be honoured across all of climote.
Your choice will be applied to you as an individual and will automatically be extended to all of your accounts at climote
You may make your affiliate-sharing privacy choice at any time, and that choice will remain in effect until you tell climote to change it
If you exercise your privacy choice, climote will continue to share information among our affiliates that identifies you, together with your transactions and experiences with us, to perform services on your behalf and respond to communications from you.
climote also allows you to limit marketing from the climote affiliate(s) with which you have a relationship. This is separate from your affiliate-sharing choice. You may exercise this choice by contacting us at the numbers or email address in the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
These preferences will remain in effect for at least five years, after which time climote may ask you to update those preferences and may contact you for marketing purposes.
Safeguarding your information-security is a partnership
We take precautions to ensure the information we collect about you is protected and is accessed only by authorised individuals who are trained regarding climote’ information security practices. climote maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with European standards to guard your non-public personal information. To learn more about our security measures and any measures you need to take, please click the Privacy link on the climote website(s) you use.
Contact us
To change your privacy preferences, provide us with updated information, report suspected fraud or identity theft, or for any other questions, please contact us at.
Smart Energy Upgrade Ltd.
The Hanger Building
Finnabair Industrial Park
Dundalk, Co. Louth
Ireland
Telephone:
00353 42 9395 020
Fax:
00353 42 9394 059
Email:
info@climote.com
Links to other websites
climote websites may contain links to other websites. climote is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
Questions and comments
climote will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct, amend or delete any inaccuracies. If you have any questions or comments about the climote Data Privacy Policy (e.g. to review and update your personal data), please click on “Contact” and send us your questions and feedback. We will post changes to our Data Privacy Policy on this page. Please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Details of the Information We Collect
This table summarizes the different types of information that we may collect from you when you register and use the climote services.
Type/Name
When Collected
Representative Examples
Registration Data
When you create a new account or modify your Registration Data
First and last name, username, device number, password, e-mail address, mailing address, contact phone number and date of birth
Profile Data
When you access certain climote services after you have created an account or when you modify your Profile Data
Additional e-mail addresses, lists of people in your household, heating and cooling preferences, physical specifications regarding your home. Energy usage history, occupancy patterns and schedules, and notification preferences for products and services made available by climote
Activity Data
When the climote service is operating in your home
Temperature, energy usage, adjustments to thermostat settings, schedules and programs, occupancy data, heating and cooling system performance measurement and monitoring, and other information about you and your home that effects energy usage.
Communications or Utilisation Data
When you use telecommunications services to access our Website
Communications data (e.g. Internet protocol address) or utilisation data (e.g. the beginning, end and duration of each access) are technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal data.