Data Protection Notice
Data Protection Notice
Robert Bosch Power Tools GmbH (hereinafter "Bosch Power Tools" or "We" or "Us") welcomes you to our internet pages and mobile applications (together also referred to as "Online Offers"). We thank you for your interest in our company and our products.
Bosch Power Tools respects your privacy
The protection of your privacy throughout the course of processing personal data as well as the security of all business data is an important concern to us. We process personal data that was gathered during your visit of our Online Offers confidentially and only in accordance with statutory regulations.
Data protection and information security are included in our corporate policy.
Controller
Bosch Power Tools is the controller responsible for the processing of your data; exceptions are outlined in this data protection notice.
Our contact details are as follows: Robert Bosch Power Tools GmbH,
Max-Lang-Straße 40-46, 70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen,
kontakt@bosch.de
.
Collection, processing and usage of personal data
4.1 Principles
Personal data consists of all information related to an identified or identifiable natural person, this includes, e.g. names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contractual master data, contract accounting and payment data, which is an expression of a person's identity.
We collect, process and use personal data (including IP addresses) only when there is either a statutory legal basis to do so or if you have given your consent to the processing or use of personal data concerning this matter, e.g. by means of registration.
4.2 Processing purposes and legal bases
We; as well as the service providers commissioned by us; process your personal data for the following processing purposes:
– Provision of these Online Offers and fulfillment of contractual obligations under our contractual terms
(Legal basis: Fulfillment of  contractual obligations).
– Resolving service disruptions as well as for security reasons.
(Legal bases: Fulfillment of our legal obligations within the scope of data security,  and justified interest in resolving service disruptions as well as in the protection of our offers).
– Self-promotion and promotion by others as well as market research and reach analysis done within the scope statutorily permitted or based on consent
(Legal bases: Consent / justified interest on our part in direct marketing if in accordance with data protection and competition law).
– Product or customer surveys performed via email and/or telephone subject to your prior express consent.
(Legal basis: Consent).
Note: In case we involve a market research institute for the purpose of surveys, it shall only act based on our instructions and follow our directives.
– Conducting raffles or discount campaigns in accordance with respective terms and conditions for raffles or discount campaigns.
(Legal basis: Fulfillment of contractual obligations).
– Sending an email or SMS/MMS newsletter subject to the recipient’s consent
(Legal basis: Consent).
– Safeguarding and defending our rights.
(Legal basis: Justified interest on our part for safeguarding and defending our rights).
4.3 Registration
If you wish to use or get access to benefits requiring to enter into the fulfillment of a contract, we request your registration. With your registration we collect personal data necessary for entering into the fulfillment of the contract (e.g. first name, last name, date of birth, email address, if applicable, details on the preferred payment method or on the account holder) as well as further data on voluntary basis, if applicable. Mandatory information is marked with an *.
4.4 Log files
Each time you use the internet, your browser is transmitting certain information which we store in so-called log files.
We save log files for a short period of time to determine service disruptions and for security reasons (e.g., to investigate attack attempts) and delete them afterwards. Log files which need to be maintained for evidence purposes are excluded from deletion until the respective incident is resolved and may, on a case-by-case basis, be passed on to investigating authorities.
Log files are also used for analysis purposes (without the IP address or without the complete IP address). Also see module web analysis.
In log files, in particular the following information is saved:
– IP address (internet protocol address) of the terminal device which is being used to access the Online Offer;
– Internet address of the website from which the Online Offer is accessed (so-called URL of origin or referrer URL);
– Name of the service provider which was used to access the Online Offer;
– Name of the files or information accessed;
– Date and time as well as duration of recalling the data;
– Amount of data transferred;
– Operating system and information on the internet browser used, including add-ons installed (e.g., Flash Player);
– http status code (e.g., “Request successful” or “File requested not found”).
4.5 Children
This Online Offer is not meant for children under 16 years of age.
Data transfer
5.1 Service providers (general)
We involve external service providers with tasks such as sales and marketing services, contract management, payment handling, programming, data hosting and hotline services. We have chosen those service providers carefully and monitor them on a regular basis, especially regarding their diligent handling of and protection of the data that they store. All service providers are obliged to maintain confidentiality and to comply to the statutory provisions. Service providers may also be other Bosch group companies.
5.2 Transfer to recipients outside the EEA
We might transfer personal data to recipients located outside the EEA into so-called third countries.
In such cases, prior to the transfer we ensure that either the data recipient provides an appropriate level of data protection (e.g. due to a decision of adequacy by the European Commission for the respective country or due to the agreement based on so-called EU model clauses with the recipient) or that you have consented to the transfer.
You are entitled to receive an overview of third country recipients and a copy of the specifically agreed-to provisions securing an appropriate level of data protection. For this purpose, please use the statements made in the Contact section.
Duration of storage; retention periods
Principally, we store your data for as long as it is necessary to render our Online Offers and connected services or for as long as we have a justified interest in storing the data (e.g. we might still have a justified interest in postal mail marketing after fulfillment of our contractual obligations). In all other cases we delete your personal data with the exception of data we are obliged to store for the fulfillment of legal obligations (e.g. due to retention periods under the tax and commercial codes we are obliged to have documents such as contracts and invoices available for a certain period of time).
Usage of our mobile applications
In addition to our Online Offers, we offer mobile applications ("Apps"), which you can download to your mobile device. Beyond the data collected on websites, we collect additional personal data through our apps that specifically result from the usage of a mobile device. This is subject to your prior express consent.
App analysis
We need statistical information on the usage of our Online Offers to design it more user-friendly, to perform range measurements and market research. For this purpose, we use the app analysis tools described in this section.
The tool provider process data only as processors subject to our directives and not for their own purposes.
Following, please find information on each tool provider. In case such tools use tracing mechanism or create user profiles they are solely used by us if you prior consent to such use.
8.1 Google Analytics for mobile applications
Google Analytics is provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google"). We use Google Analytics with the additional function offered by Google to anonymize IP addresses. While doing so, Google already shortens IPs within the EU in most cases and only does so in the United States in exceptional cases, while always saving shortened IPs only.
8.2 Tealium
Provider: Tealium Inc., 11095 Torreyana Road San Diego, CA 92121
Function: Creates segments and profiles in real time, tag management
Data processing by App Store operators
We do not collect data, and it is beyond our responsibility, when data, such as username, email address and individual device identifier are transferred to an app store (e.g., Google Play by Google, App Store by Apple, Galaxy Apps Store by Samsung) when downloading the respective application. We are unable to influence this data collection and further processing by the App Store as controller.
External links
Our Online Offers may contain links to third party internet pages – by providers who are not related to us. Upon clicking on the link, we have no influence on the collecting, processing and use of personal data possibly transmitted by clicking on the link to the third party (such as the IP address or the URL of the site on which the link is located) as the conduct of third parties is naturally beyond our supervision. We do not assume responsibility for the processing of personal data by third parties.
Security
Our employees and the companies providing services on our behalf, are obliged to confidentiality and to compliance with the applicable data protection laws.
We take all necessary technical and organizational measures to ensure an appropriate level of security and to protect your data that are administrated by us especially from the risks of unintended or unlawful destruction, manipulation, loss, change or unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access. Our security measures are, pursuant to technological progress, constantly being improved.
User rights
To enforce your rights, please use the details provided in the Contact section. In doing so, please ensure that an unambiguous identification of your person is possible.
Right to information and access:
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us about whether or not your personal data is being processed, and, if this is the case, access to your personal data.
Right to correction and deletion:
You have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning yourself without undue delay from us. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
This does not apply to data which is necessary for billing or accounting purposes or which is subject to a statutory retention period. If access to such data is not required, however, its processing is restricted (see the following).
Restriction of processing:
You have the right to demand for    – as far as statutory requirements are fulfilled – restriction of the processing of your data.
Objection to data processing:
You have the right to object to data processing by us at any time. We will no longer process the personal data unless we demonstrate compliance with legal requirements to provide provable reasons for the further processing which are beyond your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Objection to direct marketing:
Additionally, you may object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. Please take into account that due to organizational reasons, there might be an overlap between your objection and the usage of your data within the scope of a campaign which is already running.
Objection to data processing based on the legal basis of “justified interest”:
In addition, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time, insofar as this is based on a justified interest. We will then terminate the processing of your data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds according to legal requirements which override your rights.
Withdrawal of consent:
In case you consented to the processing of your data, you have the right to revoke this consent with immediate effect. The legality of data processing prior to your revocation remains unchanged.
Data portability:
You are entitled to receive data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or – if technically feasible – to demand that we transfer those data to a third party.
Right of complaint with supervisory authority:
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You can appeal to the supervisory authority which is responsible for your place of residence or your state of residency or to the supervisory authority responsible for us. This is:
State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Address:
Lautenschlagerstraße 20
70173 Stuttgart
Postal address:
P.O. Box 10 29 32
70025 Stuttgart, GERMANY
Phone:
0711/615541-0
Fax: 0711/615541-15
Email:
poststelle@lfdi.bwl.de
Changes to the Data Protection Notice
We reserve the right to change our security and data protection measures if this is required due to technical development. In such cases, we will amend our data protection notice accordingly. Please, therefore, notice the current version of our data protection notice, as this is subject to change.
Contact
If you wish to contact us, please find us at the address stated in the "Controller" section.
To exercise your rights, please use the following link:
https://request.privacy-bosch.com/entity/PTDE/?app=40180745-c3d0-4571-b36c-46c74d359cb3
.
To report data protection incidents, please use the following link:
https://www.bkms-system.net/bkwebanon/report/clientInfo?cin=18rbds19&language=eng
For suggestions and complaints regarding the processing of your personal data we recommend that you contact our data protection officer:
Data Protection Officer
Information Security and Privacy (C/ISP)
Robert Bosch GmbH
Postfach 30 02 20
70442 Stuttgart
GERMANY
or
mailto:
PT.DSO@bosch.com
Effective date: 2021.07.19.