Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 13, 2018
BridgeTech Solutions Limited ("us", "we", or "our") operate this app.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our app and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the app. By using the app, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
Our app may prompt you to sign up to our mailing list. If you choose to do this we will store your email address. If you happen to use any other apps owned by BridgeTech Solutions Limited we will attribute their ownership to this same email address. Without prompting you to sign up for the mailing list again, you will recieve communication related to any additional app you open managed by BridgeTech Solutions Limited. If you want to be removed from the mailing list click the unsubscribe link on the mailing list or email support@bridgetech.io. Your email address isn't used to attribute any specific events or anything else you do to you. Its use is limited to knowing that you own the app and that you signed up for the mailing list. The mailing list service is provided through MailGun. Please read their privacy policy for further details
https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the website by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our website and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Tracking
We track certain events and device information in order to improve the app. This information is anonymous; we couldn't say that John in Stockholm bought 200 gems; at most we might know that user 0123-1 likes gems.
Some examples of what and why we track are:
Operating System.
Should we still support this OS?
Rough Location.
Should we localise the app for this region?
Usage Events.
Is anyone actually using this feature?
Use of Data
BridgeTech Solutions Limited uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the app
To notify you about changes to our app
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our app when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the app
To monitor the usage of the app
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
BridgeTech Solutions Limited will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
BridgeTech Solutions Limited may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of BridgeTech Solutions Limited
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the app
To protect the personal safety of users of the app or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our app ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our app is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our app.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our app. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our app may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our app does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our app, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@bridgetech.io