Privacy & Data Policy
Applies to applications/games by;
iDevver Apps Ltd
All our App/Game Family rated games are safe for kids and parents.
Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read our Data Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it.
Data Collection
Some of our apps use face or photo manipulation technology to create humourous photographs using your device, no data is collected by us from these apps, no data is shared by us, no data is externally accessible by us.
Advertising
Many of our apps & games use advertising to provide the content free of charge. When you use these apps & games your device automatically sends certain information to our advertising partners Admob, Heyzap/Fyber, Applovin, Ironsource,Chartboost, Unity Ads, AdColony, Revmob & Facebook Network Audience.
This information includes, for example, the name of the app or game, the device type, and the advertising ID.
The information gathered is solely used to provide our advertising partners with the bare minimum of information they need to provide their services and combat click fraud. Within the EU, due to the GDPR regulations that came into place, we will be updating our applications & games to give the option to serve non-personalized ads only to comply, for legacy applications that have not / cannot be updated by continuing to use those apps / games, you agree to continue to receive personalized ads until they have been updated.
AdMob
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc. Please read
this overview
of how they use information from sites or apps that use their services.
Privacy Policy
Heyzap / Fyber
Privacy Policy
(Fyber)
Privacy Policy
(HeyZap)
Applovin
Privacy Policy
Chartboost
Privacy Policy
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy
IronSource
Privacy Policy
AdColony
Privacy Policy
Revmob
Privacy Policy
Facebook Audience Network
Privacy Policy
ANALYTICS
Some of our apps use analytics (usage data) in order to understand how users engage with our apps and how to improve them. When you use these apps your device automatically sends certain information to our analytics partner Google Analytics. The information gathered information includes, for example, the device type, the session length, and interactions with various user interface elements (buttons) in the game.
The analytics data collected is anonymous and is not personal data. At first startup of an app we generate a random unique identifier which does not contain any personal information, and cannot be used to uncover any such information
Opting out
If you no longer want us to use your IP address and mobile advertising ID then you need to either pay to remove advertisements when avaiable to do so in the app or game, or stop using the app immediately.
owner and data controller
Fragranze Apps Ltd c/o iDevver Apps c/o Fragranze Games Ltd
Unit A, 82 James Carter Road, Mildenhall, Bury St. Edmunds, England, IP28 7DE
Contact e-mail:
info@fragranzeapps.com
QUESTIONS CONCERNING OUR DATA consent policy
If you have any question concerning our usage of  personal data please
contact us
.
LAST UPDATED
The Data Consent was last updated on 2018/06/06.