Overview
PulsePoint Foundation
MISSION
PulsePoint is a 501(c)(3) public non-profit foundation building applications that help public safety agencies inform and engage their citizens.
VISION
Only when Fire Chief Richard Price saw paramedics arrive did he realize how close he’d been to a cardiac arrest victim.
He understood then
how close you could be to someone in need while unaware of the emergency. Trained in CPR, with an AED in his car, he knew he likely could have made a difference in the outcome if he was made aware minutes earlier. He soon wondered if a modern, location-aware mobile phone linked to the local 9-1-1 dispatch center could alert CPR-trained citizens that were in the immediate vicinity and willing to help. These "citizen responders" might be just feet away, on the floor above or in the building next door, like Price. Close enough to make a difference, but far enough away to be unaware of the need for help. Within days of this event, Price's vision for the PulsePoint app was a point on the horizon.
HISTORY
Development of the PulsePoint app began in June 2009 as a partnership between the San Ramon Valley Fire Protection District (SRVFPD), where Price was the chief, and the College of Informatics at Northern Kentucky University (NKU). The application was originally released in the Apple App Store in April 2010. At a meeting in February 2011, the Board of Directors of the SRVFPD established a committee to address the affairs related to the application, including the transfer of responsibility for the software to an independent and external non-profit foundation. This ultimately resulted in the formation of the PulsePoint Foundation to oversee the future direction of the application. The first meeting of the new PulsePoint Board occurred on June 1, 2011.
In September 2013 the PulsePoint Foundation entered into a strategic partnership with Physio-Control, Inc. to expand the availability of PulsePoint to public safety agencies. On January 1, 2017, these responsibilities transitioned back to the foundation. Physio-Control was an invaluable partner that helped establish a presence in the market and helped prove the value of using mobile technology to activate early bystander response in sudden cardiac emergencies.
WORKDAY
Since the PulsePoint Foundation's inception
Workday
engineers have volunteered considerable time and technical expertise to design, develop and support the PulsePoint applications and infrastructure. Our users, and those they assist, greatly benefit from the extraordinary contributions of this talented team.
PulsePoint Early Concept Drawing
Overview
Leadership
Richard Price
Founder/President
Richard Price
is President of the PulsePoint Foundation and is a member of the board. Price retired as the Fire Chief for the San Ramon Valley Fire Protection District on December 31, 2012 after a distinguished thirty-three year fire service career. Price has a strong technical background and is well known for using technology to shape management processes and encourage civic engagement.
In 2012, Chief Price was named “Citizen of the Year” in his hometown of Danville. Price is the 2012 American Heart Association “Heart of Gold” honoree and a 2013 JEMS “Innovator in EMS”.
Price holds a Master’s Degree in Public Administration (MPA) from California State University Hayward. He is a California State Certified Fire Chief and is an internationally certified Chief Fire Officer (CFO). In 2009 Price completed the four- year Executive Fire Officer (EFO) Program at the National Fire Academy in Maryland. Price is a graduate of the Harvard University Senior Executives in State and Local Government Program at the Kennedy School of Government and the Strategic Management of Public Organizations Program at the Goldman School of Public Policy at UC Berkeley. In 2011 Price graduated from the Center for Homeland Defense and Security (CHDS) Executive Leaders Program at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, CA.
Close
Charlie Boyle
CTO
Charlie Boyle
is PulsePoint's Chief Technology Officer, responsible for the foundation's architecture, development and operations. Immediately prior to joining PulsePoint, Charlie spent 15 years helping Workday become a global leader in Enterprise Software solutions. He contributed in a variety of roles including Vice President of Software Engineering and Senior Architect in the office of the CTO.
Charlie's diverse past experiences have enabled him to cultivate a unique set of skills that help ensure that PulsePoint continues to deliver the highest quality and performing applications and services. Those experiences include high-level management positions with enterprise software companies as well as management, architecture, and development roles building mobile device operating systems and services for the world's first smartphones. Charlie began his career in real-time systems development for military flight simulation. In addition to those formal roles, Charlie has contributed to a number of small startups with varying degrees of success but describes it as "never a dull moment."
Charlie earned his Master's and Bachelor's degrees in Computer Engineering from Syracuse University.
Close
David Brown
Chief Architect
David Brown
serves as our Chief Architect and leads our Partner Engineering team. He holds accountability for the development and management of our ingress and egress APIs, alongside their associated back-end infrastructure, pivotal to the operations of our agencies and partners.
In 2016, David initiated his involvement with the PulsePoint Foundation, offering his technical expertise on a voluntary basis while holding the role of Principal Engineer at Workday. Subsequently, in 2022, David transitioned to a full time role with the PulsePoint Foundation as a Fellow Engineer and our Chief Architect, assuming responsibility for the enhancement of our service-to-service APIs, working closely with our Implementation team and assuming leadership of our Partner Engineering team.
With a career spanning over three decades in software engineering, David brings a wealth of experience in diverse engineering capacities, encompassing high-volume transactional systems, API development, Geospatial technology, DevOps, Release Engineering, Implementation, and Customer Support. His multifaceted skill set includes adeptness in architectural design, intricate problem-solving, and effective communication with stakeholders possessing varying degrees of technical proficiency.
David graduated from Northern Michigan University.
Close
Nick Cooper
Lead Full-Stack Engineer
Nick Cooper
is a Lead Full-Stack Engineer and Scrum Master for PulsePoint. He works in many areas of the PulsePoint technology stack including the iOS apps, web applications and backend APIs. Nick joined PulsePoint in 2022 but he has been involved as a volunteer developer from its inception.
Prior to joining PulsePoint, Nick was a Senior Software Engineer on the iOS team at Workday for 11 years. As one of the first iOS Engineers at Workday, he helped develop Workday's mobile solutions from the ground up. He built highly technical native frameworks to allow business tasks to be performed on mobile applications, native charting libraries used for reporting and analytics, and worked on many other features throughout the Workday app. During his tenure, Workday iOS app usage grew from a few thousand users to many million.
When he's not building world class software for PulsePoint, he enjoys reading books, woodworking and spending time with his wife and two young boys.
Nick has a Computer Science degree from Northern Kentucky University.
Close
Kim French
VP, Professional Services
Kim French
is Senior Vice President of Professional Services at PulsePoint. She is responsible for the Agency Implementation and Training teams.
Kim joined PulsePoint in 2016 after over 15 years in local government. Most recently she served as Public Information Officer (PIO) for San Ramon Valley Fire Protection District, where she was part of the original team that build and launched PulsePoint in 2011. Kim was also responsible for strategic communications, community education and led the District’s Heart Safe initiatives. Prior to her time in the fire service, Kim managed large community events and coordinated various municipal projects.
Kim brings a unique blend of public sector experience and technical expertise to each implementation. In addition to her project management role, Kim is integral in product development and user experience across all platforms.
Kim holds a Master’s Degree in Public Administration from San Francisco State University and a Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science and Economics from Saint Mary’s College of California.
Close
Kraig Erickson
VP, Community Engagement
Kraig Erickson
is the Vice President of Community Engagement for the PulsePoint Foundation, responsible for bringing new communities into the PulsePoint network and developing local PulsePoint champions.
Kraig came to the PulsePoint Foundation from Physio-Control, where he was the Product Manager for PulsePoint and other SaaS products. Prior to Physio-Control, Kraig was in a leadership role with Sansio, serving as Vice President of Sales and Marketing, until Sansio was acquired by Physio-Control, now part of Stryker. He is a graduate of the College of St. Scholastica in Duluth, MN and as a testament to his work ethic and teamwork, was inducted into the St. Scholastica Athletic Hall of Fame in 2018.
With over 25 years of experience in healthcare technology leadership roles, Kraig brings a unique blend of technical and business skills to the Foundation and serves as a vital resource to help new communities get PulsePoint connected.
Close
Shannon Smith
VP, Communications
Shannon Smith
has wide-ranging health care communications experience working with national health non-profits, boutique and global PR agencies and health-focused companies.
After four years of consulting for the PulsePoint Foundation Shannon recently joined the team as VP of communications. She handles advocacy relations, community launches and ongoing engagement, key partnerships, marketing and PR.
As a consultant, Shannon worked with several leading, international public relations firms and for pharmaceutical and device companies. She has led efforts on product launches, presented on behalf of her clients for new business presentations, led consumer and trade outreach on FDA clearances, booked celebrities as part of national consumer campaigns, led countless local market campaigns and provided strategic counsel to numerous media-centric accounts.
Previously Shannon was a senior media specialist at WCG (now W2O) where she strategized and implemented effective media relations for more than 30 WCG/Twist clients with a focus on national magazines, dailies, broadcast and daytime talk shows among others.
Before joining WCG in 2008, Shannon worked with the Alzheimer’s Association national office where she led public relations efforts for a consumer initiative and pitched and secured top-tier national media placements. She also supported the largest international Alzheimer’s conference and managed the organization’s first collaboration with the American Heart Association.
Prior to the Alzheimer’s Association, Shannon worked for Edelman where she coordinated media outreach efforts while working on the FDA and EMEA approvals of a biologic blockbuster as part of both the Chicago and London team.
Shannon graduated from the E.W. Scripps School of Journalism at Ohio University with a degree in journalism/public relations.
Close
Raul da Silva
CTO Emeritus
Raul da Silva
serves as PulsePoint’s CTO and is also a Sr. Product Manager at Workday, Inc. As one of Workday’s first employees, he served as Sr. Product Manager for Tools Localization and launched i18n and l10n initiatives at the company. Finally as Director of Workday Labs he managed development of technological prototypes and research for the enterprise software company.
Prior to Workday, Raul was Sr. Director of Linguistic Technologies at Word Perfect and Novell Corp where he managed development of reference and linguistic tools in Antwerp, Belgium. This included creating the first electronic reference applications for large reference publishers like Elsevier, HarperCollins, Larousse, Woulters-Kluer and Langenscheidt.
Raul started his career by helping found Reference Software Intl, a seminal developer of writing tools and linguistic technologies for the early PC software industry.
Close
Overview
Meet Our Board
Matt Stamey
Chairman of the Board
Matt Stamey
is a director and president of Stamey Management Group, an Arizona corporation focusing on agriculture, real estate and equity investments. Stamey is a retired business management executive with 30 years experience developing, negotiating, and managing national contracts with Fortune 500 corporations. Additional emphasis was on organization development and P/L responsibility for operational success. In addition, Matt is a member of the Board of Directors for the San Ramon Valley Fire Protection District. Matt is Chairman of the Personnel Committee and sits on the Long Term Planning committee. Matt brings his business experience to the Board which serves the citizens of the San Ramon Valley. Stamey is a charter member of the Dougherty Valley/San Ramon Rotary club and served as event chair for the Charter Dinner. Matt is also a member of the Dougherty Valley/San Ramon Rotary Foundation, a non-profit organization as Treasurer.
Matt is a board member of the 100 Club of Contra Costa, serving on the finance committee. The 100 Club is an organization dedicated to providing assistance for the families of fallen peace officers and firefighters who are killed in the line of duty. Matt is also involved with the Danville area Chamber of Commerce and Leadership San Ramon, class of 2010/2011.
Stamey is a graduate of Arizona State University, W.P. Carey School of Business (BS, Management). Matt has post graduate studies of Advanced Management; University of Chicago and has completed various courses of advanced leadership training from Carew International.
Close
Don Ledoux
Treasurer
Don Ledoux
is a Financial Advisor with and founding member of Summit Financial Group LLC, an independent financial strategies firm specializing in personalized Wealth Management services to individuals, families, executives, and business owners.As a Financial Advisor, his responsibilities include developing and implementing financial strategies, creating and monitoring investment portfolios, and advising clients on all aspects of their financial lives.
Don also provides educational programs to the community, as he regularly teaches various financial based courses that Summit Financial Group offers throughout the tri-valley area.
Don is a member of the East Bay Financial Planning Association (EBFPA), the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors (NAIFA), and Keiretsu Forum an angel investment group that has contributed to 111 charities. He has earned memberships into the Premier Resource Group and the Million Dollar Roundtable.
He actively gives back to his community by serving on a variety of committees for multiple non-profit organizations supporting veterans, women, seniors, teens, and underprivileged youth. As a current campaign finance committee member of the Veterans Memorial building of San Ramon Valley, Don focuses on volunteer-related special events, fundraising initiatives, and fostering relationships with corporate partners and donors. As a founding board member, Don looks forward to further contributing towards the growth of PulsePoint.
Close
Joe Farrell
Board Member
Dr. Farrell
was the co-owner/founder of a physical therapy outpatient private practice in Castro Valley, California. After 40 years of clinical practice he recently retired from patient care. He has taught extensively on the state and national levels on topics relating to Orthopaedic Manual Physical Therapy (OMPT) and served on the Kaiser Northern California Graduate PT Education OMPT Fellowship program as a senior clinical fellowship faculty member for over 30 years. He has been honored for his professional contributions on numerous occasions, including the Paris Distinguished Service Award by the Academy of Orthopaedic Physical Therapy, the American Academy of Orthopaedic Manual Physical Therapy John McMennell Service Award and the Distinguished Lecture Award, Catherine Worthingham Fellow of the APTA and recently as a Distinguished Alumnus by Northwestern University Department of Physical Therapy & Human Movement Sciences. He currently is an Assistant Clinical Professor in the School of Pharmacy and Health Professions at Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska.
As a survivor of Sudden Cardiac Arrest and rescuer of two SCA survivors, he was chosen as a “50 for 50 Golden Anniversary Survivor Honoree” by American Heart Association/Citizens CPR Foundation at the Emergency Cardiovascular Care International Conference, San Diego, California in 2010. From 2014-2018 he served as the Co-Chair of the CPR/AED Consortium of the American Heart Association Greater Bay Area 2020 Task Force. In 2015 the Greater Bay Area American Heart Association honored him as the Community Health Volunteer of the Year.
He is an advocate for prevention and treatment of Sudden Cardiac Arrest and serves on the Board of Directors of the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Foundation, the PulsePoint Foundation and the Advisory Boards of the Via Heart Project and San Ramon California HeartSafe Committee. He recently joined the Board of Trustees of the Foundation for Physical Therapy Research.
He and his wife Edie, along with the HeartSafe committee (HSC) of the San Ramon Valley Fire Protection District have trained over 30,000 citizens in Hands Only CPR and AED use over the past 7 years. The HSC has been teaching a “Hands Only CPR/AED” program to 7th graders (3000 children/year) in the San Ramon Valley California school district for 7 years and have recently transitioned the program to the high school level due a law change in California. His goal in his second life is to ensure that Sudden Cardiac Arrest becomes a household word and diagnosis throughout the USA and the world.
Close
Petros Dermetzis
Board Member
Petros Dermetzis
is chief products officer at Workday, responsible for the company’s products and technology organization.
Petros was one of Workday’s first employees, joining the company in 2005. Previously, Petros was executive vice president of development at Workday, responsible for the development of all Workday applications and technologies. Prior to Workday, Petros was a general manager and group vice president at PeopleSoft, where he was responsible for tools and technologies. Petros was at PeopleSoft for nine years, having joined the company after he founded and served as CEO at InfoSoft, an exclusive PeopleSoft distributor in southern Europe. Early in his career, Petros worked in the consulting and international field operations groups at Dun & Bradstreet Software in Southern Europe, where he had responsibility for presales, training, and implementing applications.
Petros holds a master’s of science degree in information management from Lancaster University and a bachelor’s degree in marketing engineering from Huddersfield University.
Close
Eva Andres
Board Member
Eva Andres
is the Chief Human Resources Officer for Virtustream and previously a vice president of human resources for Dell/EMC. She is an international leader in human resources, scaling businesses in the Americas, Europe and APJ. She has a strategic focus and operational perspective, having led M&A’s, talent management, and organizational design. Passionate about creating global collaboration environments, Ms. Andres actively participates as a speaker and evangelist at high tech and women-focused events. Eva was recognized as “one of the most influential women in technology” and championed EMC to the top rankings of the “Best Places to Work” in the Bay Area. She earned her degree in organizational psychology from the University of Barcelona.
Close
Joe Korngiebel
Board Member
Joe Korngiebel
is an enterprise technology executive that has driven innovation and growth in the software industry for more than 20 years. Most recently, Joe served as Chief Technology Officer (CTO) at Workday where he led the strategic direction of the company’s technology. Prior to the CTO role at Workday, Joe was senior vice president of experience technology and design, where he led strategy and development for Workday’s user experience and mobile technology. During his tenure, Joe also founded Workday Labs, the company’s center for research and innovation – and home to the “Code for Good” PulsePoint initiative. Joe holds a bachelor’s degree in mathematics and computer science from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo.
Close
Michael Sayre, M.D.
Medical Director
Michael Sayre
is a practicing emergency medicine physician at Harborview Medical Center in King County, Washington. He also serves as the medical director for the Seattle Fire Department and is a fellow of the American College of Emergency Physicians and the American Heart Association. He is a past chair for the American Heart Association Emergency Cardiovascular Care Committee.
Dr. Sayre earned his bachelor’s degree from Xavier University and his M.D. from the University of Cincinnati. He was a resident in emergency medicine at Allegheny General Hospital in Pittsburgh. After two decades as a faculty member at the University of Cincinnati and the Ohio State University, he moved to the University of Washington in 2012 to create the Emergency Medical Services Fellowship training program.
Close
Roger Brothers
General Counsel
Mr. Brothers
is a transactional business attorney whose practice includes: general counsel services, including corporate counsel, business and succession planning and debt and equity financing; transactional counsel services, including mergers and acquisitions, entity formation and operation, reorganizations and general commercial transactions; and general counsel to high net worth clients concerning family succession planning including serving clients as “Family Office” CEO. Mr. Brothers is a graduate of the McGeorge School of Law, University of the Pacific (J.D. 1984), and was accepted to the California State Bar in 1985. He attended California State University, Hayward, receiving his B.A. in 1980.
Close
Bentley Bobrow, M.D.
Advisory Board Member
Dr. Bentley J. Bobrow
is Professor of Emergency Medicine at the University of Arizona College of Medicine and practices emergency medicine at Maricopa Medical Center in Phoenix, Arizona. His focus is on improving outcomes from time-sensitive emergency medical conditions such as out-of-hospital cardiac arrest and traumatic brain injury. He has partnered with public health officials, EMS agencies, municipal fire departments, hospitals, university researchers and the public to develop a statewide reporting and educational network for responding to out-of-hospital cardiac arrest. This system of care has resulted in a significant increase in the rates of bystander CPR and a tripling of survival from sudden cardiac arrest in Arizona.
Dr. Bobrow is the past Chair of the American Heart Association Basic Life Support Subcommittee and the Medical Director for the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services and Trauma System at the Arizona Department of Health Services. He is the Director of the Maricopa Integrated Health Services (MIHS) Resuscitation Science Center and the Chair of the MIHS In-hospital Resuscitation Committee. He is a member of the Arizona Emergency Medicine Research Center and the Sarver Heart Center at the University of Arizona and Co-Investigator for the NIH-funded R01 EPIC Prehospital Traumatic Brain Injury Study. Dr. Bobrow is medical director of a Clinton Global Health Initiative to implement dispatch-assisted CPR across the U.S. and in 11 countries in Asia.
Close
Dave Duffield
Advisory Board Member
Dave Duffield
is Workday’s co-founder, co-CEO and chief customer advocate. He is also a member of the company’s board of directors. Dave drives the company’s strong commitment to its core values, which include employees, customer service, innovation, integrity and fun.
Dave is an accomplished executive and visionary in the business management, public sector and higher education software industries. Prior to Workday, Dave founded PeopleSoft in 1987 and served as the company’s CEO and board chairman. PeopleSoft grew to be the world’s second-largest ERP application software company before being acquired in 2005. Other companies Dave launched include Integral Systems, Business Software and Information Associates.
Dave received a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and an MBA from Cornell University, and he and his family are the benefactors behind Duffield Hall, a nanoscale science and engineering facility at Cornell. They also support a companion animal welfare foundation, Maddie’s Fund, which devotes its resources to helping create a no-kill nation.
Close
Tim O’Reilly
Advisory Board Member
Tim O’Reilly
is the founder and CEO of O’Reilly Media, Inc., thought by many to be the best computer book publisher in the world. Over the years, Tim has built a culture where sustainable innovation is a key tenet of business philosophy. His active engagement with technology communities both drives the company’s product development and informs its marketing.Tim is also on the board of Safari Books Online and is a partner in O’Reilly AlphaTech Ventures.
Tim graduated from Harvard College in 1975 with a B.A. cum laude in classics. His honors thesis explored the tension between mysticism and logic in Plato’s dialogues.
Any discussion of Tim is incomplete without a fuller understanding of the company he founded. O’Reilly Media spreads the knowledge of innovators through its books, online services, magazines, research, and conferences. Since 1978, O’Reilly has been a chronicler and catalyst of leading-edge development, honing in on the technology trends that really matter and galvanizing their adoption by amplifying “faint signals” from the alpha geeks who are creating the future. An active participant in the technology community, the company has a long history of advocacy, meme-making, and evangelism.
Publisher of the iconic “animal books” for software developers, creator of the first commercial website (GNN), organizer of the summit meeting that gave the open source software movement its name, leader in Gov 2.0 “government as a platform” efforts, and prime instigator of the DIY revolution through its MAKE magazine and Craftzine.com, O’Reilly Media continually concocts new ways to connect people with the information they need.
Close
Timothy Ferguson
Advisory Board Member
Timothy Ferguson
is the Associate Provost for Information Technology and Chief Information Officer at Northern Kentucky University (NKU). As CIO since 2007, Tim is responsible for the technology infrastructure, application management and development, help desk, telecommunications, network, mobile and web areas. Tim is also responsible for the Enterprise Systems Group that manages the SAP Administrative Systems at NKU. Tim recently was recognized by Computerworld with the Premier 100 IT Leader 2011 award. Tim also serves on the Dell Platinum Advisory Council. Finally, his team was recognized for forward thinking technology with the 2008 Best of Kentucky Technology Visionary Award.In addition to his role as CIO, Tim also leads the Center for Applied Informatics(CAI). CAI is a technology collaboration platform and is part of the new and exciting College of Informatics. CAI was established to work on technology innovations that will assist international companies in being competitive in a global technology driven marketplace. This innovative research includes leadership in mobile app development for iPhone, iPad, android and many other platforms. The CAI has produced award winning apps with great partnerships with organizations all over the world.
Prior to joining NKU in 2005, Tim was Senior Vice President at Computer Associates (CA), Intl. where he led the Enterprise Systems Management Business Unit including all research and development functions. Tim has a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics from NKU where he graduated Magna Cum Laude.
Close
Thomas Jenkins
Advisory Board Member
Fire Chief Tom Jenkins
has served as the City of Rogers, Arkansas fire chief since 2009 and is past President and Chairman of the Board of the International Association of Fire Chiefs. Prior to his arrival in Arkansas, he served as Deputy Chief for the City of Sand Springs, Oklahoma Fire Department.
He holds a bachelor’s degree in fire protection and safety engineering from Oklahoma State University, and a master’s degree in public administration from the University of Oklahoma. Chief Jenkins is a 2006 graduate of the Executive Fire Officer Program at the National Fire Academy in Emmitsburg, Maryland and became Arkansas’s first Chief Fire Officer Designee from the Commission on Professional Credentialing in 2010.
Chief Jenkins is a regular presenter at national conferences and serves in various capacities on numerous boards and committees, including NFPA 1710. Chief Jenkins serves on the Industrial Advisory Board for Oklahoma State University’s Fire Protection and Safety Program and also serves as an adjunct professor for Oklahoma State University and Northwest Arkansas Community College.
He has been an active member of the IAFC’s Terrorism and Homeland Security Committee, Company Officer Mentoring Program, and Firefighter Safety Through Advanced Research (FSTAR) Working Group.
Close
Donate
Join With Us
The PulsePoint Foundation empowers everyday citizens to provide life‐saving assistance to victims of Sudden Cardiac Arrest using a simple mobile app. Instead of relying on fate to place a CPR-trained citizen in the exact location needed at the exact time needed, the PulsePoint app alerts nearby citizen rescuers simultaneously with the dispatch of local paramedics. The app directs these citizens, with a live map, to the nearest AED. This greatly improves the odds that CPR will begin, and an AED will be deployed, within the first few minutes after a cardiac arrest.
Widespread use of the PulsePoint app strengthens the Chain of Survival and helps ensure that patients arrive at local hospitals alive, so they can benefit from all the innovation and interventions that are available to cardiac patients today.
Your tax-deductible contribution will help expand the availability of this life-saving application. Please help support our critical mission.
Donate by Mail
If you wish to mail a donation to the foundation, make your check payable to the PulsePoint Foundation and mail to:
PulsePoint Foundation
PO Box 12594
Pleasanton, CA 94588-2594
The PulsePoint Foundation is a public 501(c)3 nonprofit organization (tax ID 45-2725805).
Your donation is tax-deductible to the full extent of the law.
Contact
Contact Us
Information Request
Request general information
here
.
Technical Support
Need product help? Open a support ticket
here
.
Mailing Address
PulsePoint Foundation
PO Box 12594
Pleasanton, CA ‍94588-2594
Facebook
www.facebook.com/PulsePoint
Twitter
@PulsePoint (General news and updates)
@1000livesaday (Real-time app activations)
General Inquiries
info@pulsepoint.org
Media Inquiries
Shannon Smith, VP, Communications
shannon@pulsepoint.org
Product Question, Idea or Problem
support@pulsepoint.org
Partnerships, Sponsorships, and other Administrative Inquiries
Richard Price, President (
LinkedIn
)
richard.price@pulsepoint.org
Medical Director
Michael Sayre, M.D.
Legal
General Counsel
Roger J. Brothers
Brothers Smith LLP
EMS Industry/HIPAA
Stephen R. Wirth, Esq.
Ryan Stark
Page, Wolfberg & Wirth LLC
Intellectual Property
Lee Van Pelt
Terry Wong
Van Pelt, Yi & James LLP
Agency Relationships/EULA
Eugene M. Pak
Stephen McKae
Wendel Rosen Black & Dean LLP
Nonprofit Governance
Robert Wexler
Adler & Colvin
Accountants
Strand Boyce O’Shaughnessy
Independent Auditor
Armanino LLP
Advisors
RedFlash Group
Potrero Group, LLC
Inquiry
Information Request
Please use the form below to request general information. In the meantime, download our
factsheet
. If your inquiry is support related, please use our
help desk
.
Name
Email Address
Phone
Agency
Address
City
State
Select a State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Zip Code
What can we help you with?
Submit
Privacy
Privacy Policy
The PulsePoint Foundation is a public 501(c)3 non-profit organization with a singular mission – to save lives. Through the use of modern, location-aware mobile devices PulsePoint is building applications that work with local public safety agencies to improve communications with citizens and empower them to help reduce the millions of annual deaths from sudden cardiac arrest. Of equally critical importance is ensuring the anonymity and privacy of potential emergency responders, as well as the victims themselves.
Information We Collect from PulsePoint Respond Users
Use of the PulsePoint Respond mobile application is completely anonymous.
No personally identifiable information from the PulsePoint Respond mobile application, or the device upon which it is installed, is ever collected or retained.
The PulsePoint Respond app never accesses any information on your device, however contacting our support channels may result in the sharing of device details and settings for the purpose of resolving technical issues.
If you configure the PulsePoint Respond application settings to permit the app to alert you to nearby cardiac arrest emergencies, PulsePoint will access and store the current location of your device for immediate reference. In this case, only the current location of your device is stored – no movement history is maintained.
If you receive a CPR needed alert,
and you indicate that you are responding
, continuous location updates will be shared with PulsePoint until emergency responders arrive on scene (or the incident is cancelled).
Information We Collect from PulsePoint AED Users
When you create a PulsePoint AED account you provide an email address. This email address is visible to our public safety agency administrators. Some services, such as viewing AED locations or images, do not require registration.
PulsePoint AED is designed to help you share public defibrillator location information with the world. Most of the information you provide us is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only the AEDs you add but photographs and other information that result from your use of the app.
Information We Collect Regarding Cardiac Arrest Victims
PulsePoint does not receive, collect, or retain any individually identifiable health information regarding cardiac arrest victims – or anybody else.
The identity of any individual involved in an incident reported by the app, regardless of the nature of the incident, is unknown to PulsePoint.
No personally identifiable information such as name, birth date, or Social Security Number is ever reported to or known by PulsePoint.
Information We Collect From Emergency Dispatch Systems
The information PulsePoint receives from emergency dispatch systems varies by agency. However, in no instance does PulsePoint ever receive or retain personally identifiable information regarding emergency victims or responders. By necessity we receive incident location information from these systems.
Disclosure Information for PulsePoint Respond
We do not collect, retain, sell, or disclose any personal or personally identifiable information or data regarding application users, emergency responders, AED registrants, or emergency victims.
Data Retention
PulsePoint retains the data it collects for the purposes of analysis, reporting, technology development, and quality control. This data never includes any personally identifiable information since such information is never collected by PulsePoint. From time to time PulsePoint may share aggregated reports and analysis of this information with qualified partners, agencies, or other third parties.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at
https://www.pulsepoint.org/fou...
.
Questions About This Notice
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact us at
info@pulsepoint.org
.