Privacy Policy
GYMBOSS has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Website.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information and products. We collect visitors’ contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for ordered products.
If we administer online surveys, we ask visitors’ for demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. When ordering, our customers can be assured that 128-bit strong encryption is used on the payment form. This encryption has been authenticated by Thawte USA (a VeriSign Company).
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. In order to remove their information from our database to not receive future communications, our customers can send email to
sales@gymboss.com
and place “OPT-OUT” in the subject line.
CORRECT/UPDATE
This site gives users the options for changing and modifying information previously provided. In order to complete this, please email
sales@gymboss.com
and place “UPDATE INFORMATION” in the subject line.
CONTACTING THE WEBSITE
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact the Webmaster.
Please refrain from contacting the Webmaster with regards to product questions or comments.
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Website as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
TRADEMARKS
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Website are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by GYMBOSS. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of GYMBOSS or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
RETURN POLICY
You may purchase merchandise from this Website by using any one of the payment options listed. GYMBOSS reserves the right to change its payment procedures at any time without prior notice to you. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your GYMBOSS you may return it for a refund of the purchase price for 30 days. If during the first year your timer fails to operate under normal operating conditions return it for a replacement timer.