Privacy policy
P.E. Smartphoneware respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Web site, all games and applications licensed to customers via the Site or elsewhere (the "Apps"). Smartphoneware thus provides this privacy statement to explain what information is gathered during a visit to the Site and/or use of the Apps and how such information may be used.
We don’t collect personal Information from children with our mobile applications
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any personal information about you.
Information that we collect
Information that we get about you from other services Such as Google, Apple AppStore, Flurry Analytics, Google Play and others. This information includes:
Device information - device-specific information such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Log information - this may include: internet protocol address, device event information, such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL, cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or yourAccount.
Unique application numbers - certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number).
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
How we use information that we collect
We use the information that we collect from all of our applications to improve our applications and make it better for you. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners, such as publishers or advertisers. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.﻿
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make using our Site easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. These cookies are restricted for use only on our Site, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can, however, reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please consult the technical information relevant to your browser for instructions. If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of the Site and/or the Apps may not function properly or may be considerably slower.
Third Party Services
We may feature advertising and tracking tools within our Service. The Third Party Services may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
Our services may contain third party advertising and tracking tools from our service providers such as:
AdMob
is Google’s platform for advertising, monetizing, and promoting mobile apps. It allows developers to utilize in-app advertising and provides insight into aspects of the use of the app by incorporating Google Analytics into the platform.
More information on how Google uses data provided by application:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Flurry
is Yahoo’s mobile advertising monetization platform that aims to improve marketing through mobile app advertising. A Flurry Analytics component helps developers analyze and measure app activity so as to monetize the app most effectively with this data.
Flurry privacy policy:
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Chartboost
is a San Francisco-based mobile game discovery and monetization platform. The company, which acts as a business engine for mobile games, allows video game developers to create customized interstitial and video ads, promote new games, and swap traffic with one another.
Chartboost privacy policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
When you request support, you may send us email
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only.
Information sharing and disclosure
We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our website and Apps, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
Links Within Apps
Some apps have external links such as to our website, to YouTube, to the App Store you downloaded from, or to our social media profiles to allow you to find out more about our company, our products and services.
Changes
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at support@smartphoneware.com