This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Turbokey Studio collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
Recorder Plus
iOS App. This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Turbokey Studio.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Turbokey Studio may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Our Site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We do not share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Third party access
Please note that the Application may utilized third-party services (Google Drive) to backup your data automatically.
If you choose to login your Google account in the Application to enable the "Auto backup to Cloud" feature. The Application will upload recording files to your Googel Drive automatically for backup purposes. The Application does not access(read/write) any data that is not generated by itself on your Google Drive. We do not collect any kind of information of your Google account.
Changes to this privacy policy
Turbokey Studio has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Turbokey Studio
1-1-1602, Shufeng road #177, Sichuan chengdu, PRC.
recorderplus@gmail.com
This document was last updated on Dec 08, 2018
Privacy policy created by
Generate Privacy Policy