Last Update Date : 9 Aug 2018
THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED, HOW THIS IS DONE, WHAT IS IT USED FOR, AND TO WHOM SNAP COLLAGE (HENCEFORTH REFERRED TO AS THE APP), HONK HONK PUNCH PTY LTD DISCLOSES THIS INFORMATION AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the «last updated» date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect about You :
We don’t have a Registration/Login Process, so we don’t store any personal information on our server.
We Collect Only your email name when you decide to email our developers for Feedback/Bug Report/New Features Request. We collect that information to solve bugs or improve our service. The email will be used for contacting you to improve our service. We will never use that information for any other purpose, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
GDPR :
If you want to change your GDPR preferences go to settings and tap "Manage Privacy"
Monetization Partner :
The App uses Admob (Adsense) as a Monetitation partner. Admob wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more details about Admob, please check here :
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/1620064?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287
Permission :
The app will ask you for permission before using the application. Below are details of that permission:
1) Camera Access:
Users can take a photo with phone camera and edit.
2) Photo Library Access:
Users can choose photos from the photo library and save after editing.
3) Push Notification:
To inform users when something new is launched in the application.
IN-APP PURCHASES
The app includes In-App Purchases (IAP). In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the App Store Password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. Be aware of the iOS 15-minute window for making additional purchases / in-app purchases, during which your password may not be required.
To prevent accidental purchases (including those without your knowledge and permission), we suggest you use password protection on your iPhone:
Step 1. Tap «Settings» > «General» > «Restrictions» > «Allowed Content» > «Password Settings»;
Step 2. Under «Purchases and In-App Purchases», tap the setting «Always Require».
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take reasonable security measures to protect the information that we obtain from you (including preventing the loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction of your personal information). However, please be aware that unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, hacking, the inherent insecurity of the Internet and other factors, may compromise the security of your personal information at any time. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information, and we will have no liability to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse or alteration.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
We share collected non-personally identifiable information with third parties, third party advertising providers and other third party service providers (collectively referred to as “Partners”). The Information collected from you on our app relating to your use of our app may be used to offer personalised advertising or assess the performance of our advertising.
We may share information that can be used to personally identify your device (e.g. persistent identifiers such as Installation UUID, IDFA and IP address) for the purposes of delivering our services, displaying appropriate advertisements.
We use a service called Crashlytics to provide details of any crashes that occur when running the app. Crashlytics records the Installation UUID of the device which is "An alphanumeric string that uniquely identifies a device to the app’s vendor." This means that all of our apps installed on one device have this same ID. This is used so we can see the distribution of a crash. For example if we get the same crash 100 times, did those 100 crashes happen on 100 different devices? Or maybe just on 7 devices? If on 7 devices then we know that the crash is happening over and over for the same people. This doesn't tell us who you are, or where you are or anything like that, but it is crucial to our understanding of how a bug occurs so we can fix it and provide you the bug free experience you deserve.
The advertising IDs are unique, but non-personalised and non-permanent identification numbers for a specific device, which are provided by the operating systems. The data collected with these IDs are not linked to other device-related information, and this information does not identify you personally.
To get more information about how your data is being collected and processed you can visit the sites at:
policies.google.com/privacy/partners
https://fabric.io/terms
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update, change or modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the «last updated» date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our app will signify your acceptance of these changes.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have concern about your personal information misused or you want more information about Privacy Policy or you don’t understand any part of it , please feel free to mail us at
support@honkhonkpunch.com