Important Information:
Our Privacy Statement has been updated. To review our current Privacy Statement and to understand how HP Inc. collects and uses information, please click
here
.
Important Information:
Our Privacy Statement has been updated, click
here
to review.
Headsets
Bluetooth headsets & earbuds
Contact center headsets
USB headsets
DECT wireless headsets
All headsets
Phones
IP desk phones
Wireless phone systems
USB/Bluetooth speakerphones
IP conference phones
All phones
Video Conferencing
All-in-one solutions
Modular solutions
USB solutions
PC-based solutions
Personal solutions
All video conferencing
Software & Services
Device management
Private video conferencing
Support services
All software & services
Solutions
Platform
Workspace
Workstyle
Industry
All solutions
Learning Hub
Support
Contact sales
Shop
Hybrid work opens new possibilities for you and your organization. Evolve company culture, secure and retain the best talent, foster greater employee satisfaction, and transform customer interactions. Everyone can participate thanks to inclusive technology such as people-focused video and distraction-free audio.
End-to-end collaboration for every workspace and workstyle
Headsets, phones, video conferencing solutions made to work anywhere and anytime.
Integrate seamlessly with the platform and services of your choice
No matter what video collaboration partner you use, we deliver a seamless experience.
Amazing, consistent user experiences
Delivering crystal clear images, vibrant colors, and premium audio with noise cancellation and AI technology.
Elite business services and software
Tackle any business challenge with Poly's all-inclusive service offerings and equip IT with top tier software.
Explore Poly products and solutions
Headsets
Headsets created for comfort and clarity. Made to focus. Made to connect. Made to communicate.
Learn more
Video Conferencing
In today's world, people in the same meeting aren't aways in the same room – but they'll feel like they are.
Learn more
Phones
Built for hot-desking or the home office, Poly phones deliver high-quality audio and options for a range of work styles.
Learn more
Software & Services
Poly solutions deliver better collaborative experiences that keep your teams productive in any workspace.
Learn more
Solutions
Integrate seamlessly with the platform and service of your choice.
Learn more
Poly Studio R30+
Poly Studio R30+
A dynamic camera experience that keeps everyone in frame at all times—making meetings easier and more inclusive.
Shop
Learn
Poly Voyager Surround Series
Poly Voyager Surround Series
Work where you want and sound your best with the over-ear, boomless Bluetooth headset.
Shop
Learn
Poly Studio X52
Poly Studio X52
Designed to improve video conferencing and hybrid meetings, this all-in-one video bar simplifies and enhances meetings.
Shop
Learn
Poly Voyager Free 60
Poly Voyager Free 60
True wireless earbuds with ANC and a three-mic array to isolate your voice, so both sides of the call are crystal clear.
Shop
Learn
Small business video conferencing
Modern businesses need modern solutions. Learn how to update your video conferencing solutions for virtual meetings that save time, save money, and bring people together.
Learn
Resources
The Balancing Act
See five considerations for keeping your team well, happy, and productive in the modern workplace.
Download eBook
Modern Communication and Collaboration Handbook
See how audio and video can make your employees and business thrive.
Download handbook
Poly Product Catalog
Learn how our premium audio and video products enable better meetings and collaboration.
Download catalog
Related links
Poly – Headsets, Speakerphones, Video Conferencing Solutions and Services
Poly Lens Device Management
Poly Conference Phones - Communication and Collaboration Solutions
Poly | Noise-Cancelling Headsets
Poly | Headset & Video Software & Services
Bluetooth Headsets & Earbuds - Communication and Collaboration Solutions
DECT WIreless Headsets - Communication and Collaboration Solutions
Poly Studio R30 - Video Bar for Small Conference Rooms
Poly Desk Phones - VoIP Solutions for Business & Home Office
Poly Voyager 4300 UC - Bluetooth Office Headset
Your browser does not support iframes.
Show Next Slide
Show Previous Slide
Go to slide %{i}
Close
Clear
Play?