Privacy Policy
Introduction
We strongly support your right to privacy when using our apps.
Our privacy policy is simple: your data is none of our business. We make money by selling software, not by mining your personal information.
To the extent that our apps and websites can provide their functionality without doing so, we prefer to avoid collecting data from you.
In the cases where we do collect data, we try to be clear about why we're collecting it, tell you how long we keep it, delete it when we no longer need it, and give you the ability to opt out of collection whenever possible.
We use modern security measures to protect collected data, and limit access to only those employees who require access to perform their jobs. We may be legally required to disclose collected data to law enforcement or government agencies in some situations.
Support Interactions
When handling support requests from you, we collect:
your email address (or Twitter handle, if you contact us via Twitter)
any information you provide voluntarily (such as app logs or other diagnostic info)
This information is collected solely to help resolve your support inquiry. We retain support emails indefinitely in order to:
have context from previous interactions which may help us answer your future questions more quickly
identify broad trends in support requests, which may help us identify and solve problems with our products
If you would like to remove support emails you have sent, contact
support@buffereditor.com
.
Application Usage Analytics
Our apps do not collect information about the way you use them. We do not track individual user behavior in our apps. We do not receive information from your device's displays, cameras, or microphones.
Third party services
By authenticating, Users allow the App to identify them and give them access to third party services. Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. 
					In this case, the App will be able to access data, stored by these third-party services.
Dropbox
Dropbox OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Dropbox, which allows connection to the Dropbox. Privacy Policy:
https://www.dropbox.com/privacy
Google Drive
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google, which allows connection to the Google Drive. Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Buffer Editor needs to access Google Drive API scopes. These scopes are used to edit, create and delete files from Google Drive.

						Buffer Editor uses following Google Drive APIs
Drive API (Google Drive)
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.file
For descriptions of each scope, please refer to Google Drive API respectively. The scopes requested may change from time to time and authorisation to use each scope will be granted expressly through the OAuth3 authentication process.
						Unless otherwise stated in this document, our use of data collected from Google Drive API restricted scopes ("restricted scope data") complies with Google's Limited Use Requirements.
Buffer Editor allows users to connect their Google Drive account and access their files stored in Google Drive using the Google Drive API scopes:
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.file
We understand the importance of protecting your personal information, and we are committed to safeguarding your privacy. This policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose your information when you use Buffer Editor.
Collection and Use of Information (Google Drive)
When you connect your Google Drive account to Buffer Editor, we do not collect, store, or share any personal information.
Disclosure of Information(Google Drive)
We do not sell or disclose any user information to third parties. We may disclose your information if required by law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Buffer Editor and its users.
						This privacy policy does not cover how third-party apps use your information. You should review the terms and conditions of any third party apps before connecting them to the Service. If you object to information about you being shared with these third parties, do not use the product or install the app. For the Google Drive, you can revoke Buffer Editor access to your data via the Google security settings page at:
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
Data Security(Google Drive)
We take appropriate measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We regularly review and update our security measures to ensure that your information is protected. Changes to this Policy. We may update this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or applicable laws. We will notify you of any significant changes by posting the updated policy on our website.
App Logs
Buffer Editor on your mobile devices will send anonymous logs to us as issues occur, as the access to the log files on mobile operating systems may be difficult. Your logs are directly sent to servers managed by Apple  and are not disclosed to third-parties.
Update Checking
For iOS apps, update checking behavior is managed by the operating system, and the relevant information is processed by Apple respectively.
Email List
We do not collect any email lists.
Activation
For iOS apps, no activation request is sent to Buffer Editor-owned servers. Verification of your purchase may occur by processes and servers managed by Apple in this case.
Rights of EU Citizens Under GDPR
Citizens of the EU may exercise their rights under the General Data Protection Regulation, such as the rights of access and erasure, by contacting us with their request. We recommend emailing the request to
support@buffereditor.com
.
Questions and Feedback
Our privacy policies might change or be edited for clarity over time. Up-to-date information will always be available from this page.
Please
contact us
if you have any questions about our data collection or privacy policies. We'll be more than happy to discuss them with you.