Privacy Policy
Namida is committed to protecting Your privacy and developing technology that gives You the most powerful and safe online experience.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Namida may access and collect your personal information. The personal information is used for identifying or contacting you and it includes, but is not limited to, your name and email address.
There is also information about Your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Namida. This information can include: Your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Namida only to provide general statistics regarding use of the family of Namida applications.
Use of Your Personal Information
Namida uses Your personal information to deliver the services You have requested.
Namida does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Namida does not collect, use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without Your explicit consent.
Namida keeps track of pages our customers visit within the applications, in order to determine what sections and services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Namida will disclose Your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith or belief that such action Is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Namida; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Namida; and, (c) act under extreme circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Namida, or the public.
In case you want us to delete your data, please contact us through the “Contact Us” button that can be found from the settings menu in our games.
Use of Cookies
Namida applications can use HTTP cookies to personalize Your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on Your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to Your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenient feature to save You time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that You have returned to a specific page. For example, if You personalize Namida's pages, or register with the Namida applications or services, a cookie helps Namida to recall Your specific information on subsequent visits. When You return to the same Web site, the information You previously provided can be retrieved, so You can easily use the Namida features that you've customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but You can usually modify Your browser setting to decline cookies if You prefer. If You choose to decline cookies, You may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Namida applications or services.
Security of Your Personal Information
Namida secures Your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Namida secures the personally identifiable information You provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information is transmitted to the application or other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Namida will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
We welcome Your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If You believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the
customer support form
.
Namida - We made this