EXCHANGE
Popular
Horse Racing
Greyhound Racing
Golf
Soccer
Tennis
In-Play Betting
All Sports
Australian Rules
Basketball
Colossus Jackpots
Cricket
Formula 1
Golf
Greyhound Racing
Horse Racing
Ice Hockey
MMA
Politics
Rugby League
Rugby Union
Snooker
Soccer
Tennis
TV Specials
My Bets
Multiples
Settings
Podcast
Tour
FAQs
Live Chat
All
All Sports
Back & Lay
No Selections
Betslip Settings
AVG
Aggregation Style
Cancel Unmatched
Rules & Regulations
Standard Promotional T&C's
Market Rules
Complaints Procedure
Sports Rules
Casino Promotion T&Cs
Welcome Offer T&Cs
Terms and Conditions
Betbuilder Rules
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Colossus Policy & Rules
Privacy Policy
Matchbook
Contact Us
Your rights
How we collect your data
The information we collect
Our use of your information
Retention of information
Security
Cookies
Effective Date
: from 17
th
January 2019
This Privacy Policy explains how Triplebet Limited (“Matchbook”) collects, uses, stores, keeps or disclose your personal data; together with your rights in relation to the personal data it holds. It also describes your data protection rights.
The data controller for your personal information is: Triplebet Limited, a company incorporated in Alderney with company registered number 1827 and registered address is Millenium House, Olivier Street, Alderney, GY9 3TD.
Matchbook
Throughout this Privacy Policy, references to "Matchbook" will include any or all of its direct and indirect subsidiary undertakings and their related companies or agents as may exist from time to time. Matchbook (in this Privacy Policy, "us", "we" and "our") is the data controller of your personal data and is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR) and the Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2017 (together with the GDPR, the Data Protection Legislation).
Contact Us
For any Subject Access Requests or Data Deletion Requests, please contact
dataprivacy@matchbook.com
Triplebet Limited is registered with the Guernsey Data Protection Authority.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy related practices, you can contact us:
At the following address:
Data Protection & Privacy Officer
Triplebet Limited
Millenium House
Olivier Street
Alderney
GY9 3TD
phil@enable-iso.com
This Privacy Policy supersedes any previous Privacy Policy or equivalent that you may have been provided with or seen prior to the Effective Date stated above.
Your rights
Under the Data Protection Legislation, you have the following rights:
Right of subject access
: The right to make a written request for details of information about you held by Matchbook and a copy of that information.
Right to rectification
: the right to have inaccurate information about you rectified.
Right to erasure ('right to be forgotten')
: the right to have certain information about you erased.
Right to restriction of processing
: the right to request that your information is only used for restricted purposes.
Right to object:
the right to object to the use of your information, including the right to object to marketing.
Right to data portability
: the right, in certain circumstances, to ask for information you have made available to us to be transferred to you or a third party in machine-readable formats.
Right to withdraw consent
: the right to withdraw any consent you have previously given us to handle your information. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of Matchbook’s use of your information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
You can find out more about your rights at
https://dataci.gg/
How we collect your data
In the course of providing services to you, we collect information that personally identifies you.
The information we collect about you comes from:
Filling in forms, registering for an account with us and/or other materials you submit to us during the course of your relationship with us;
your interactions with us, transactions and use of our products and services (including the use of our website);
participating in promotions, prize draws, surveys and/or in any other marketing and/or promotional event organised by us;
your dealings with us, including via email, telephone, online, letters, text message, messaging Apps such as Whatspp and Skype, live chat function on our website and/or as stated in our contracts with you;
your public profile, including, name, photo and other information you make available to us when you like, post or otherwise interact with our social media pages;
depending on the products or services you require, third parties (including for credit and money laundering checks, among other things); and
recording and monitoring tools that we use for compliance or security purposes (e.g. recording of telephone calls, monitoring emails, etc.).
We may collect additional information about you where you provide such information to us through your use of our services or participation in a promotion, survey and/or contest.
The information we collect
We collect information that helps us to identify you and to manage your accounts and/or participation in promotions. We also collect financial information about you, information about your transactions with us and information required for us to carry out credit, money laundering and other checks and to comply with our legal obligations.
Information that we may collect includes:
your name, title, age, date of birth, address and contact details;
your professional title and occupation;
personal identifiers such as your social security number, national insurance number, tax file number, IP address or our internal electronic identifiers;
information which we need to conduct ‘know your client’ checks such as details relating to your passport and credit history; and
payment card details, bank account details or online e-wallet information.
In limited cases, we also collect what is known as “special categories” of information. Our money laundering, sanctions, financial crime and fraud prevention checks sometimes result in us obtaining information about actual or alleged criminal convictions and offences.
You are not obliged to provide us with your information where it is requested but we may be unable to provide certain products and services or proceed with our business relationship with you if you do not do so. Where this is the case, we will make you aware.
Our use of your information
Where you are our customer, we collect, use, share and store information about you to process transactions and to improve the quality of the service that we provide to you. When processing your information, we do so in our legitimate interests (as set out in the bullet points below), because of legal obligations that we are subject to or because the information is required in order to provide our products and/or services to you.
Where we process “special categories” of information about you, we do so either because you have given us your explicit consent, we are required by law to do so or the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
We use your information for the purposes of the following legitimate interests:
to process your registration and determine your eligibility for Membership;
to conduct appropriate fraud checks;
to allow you access and use the Matchbook website;
to administer your account;
to maintain our own accounts and records;
to better understand our Membership profile and tailor our services accordingly;
to notify you of additional services that may become available on Matchbook or on websites that we or any of our associated companies might establish;
to notify you of promotional events and provide you with promotional materials;
To process payments to and from you;
To investigate and address enquiries, questions and complaints and respond to any feedback.
Customer telephone and chat conversations may be recorded to allow us to improve the quality of our customer service and our products, train staff and to record what is said in the event of a subsequent complaint.
If you wish to receive future marketing, promotional and/or sales material from Matchbook, you can opt-in for this type of communication.
Our site uses technologies of third-party partners [such as NextRoll] to help us recognize your device and understand how you use our site(s) so that we can improve our services to reflect your interests and serve you advertisements about the [products and/or services] that are likely to be of more interest to you. Specifically, [NextRoll/these partners] collect information about your activity on our site(s) to enable us to:
measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on our site
show advertisements for our products and/or services to you on third-party sites
measure and analyze the performance of our advertising campaigns;
We may share data, such as hashed email derived from emails or other online identifiers collected on our site(s) with NextRoll. This allows our partners to recognize and deliver you ads across devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by NextRoll and their cross device capabilities please refer to
NextRoll’s Privacy Notice
.
Disclosing your personal information and International Transfers
Matchbook may also pass on your Personal Information to trusted third parties in order to assist us with the purposes listed above. Such disclosures to trusted third parties enables us to provide you with the best user experience on our site and shall not be used for the purposes of marketing other goods and/or services to you.
When sharing your personal data with third parties as set out in this Privacy Policy, it may be transferred outside Guernsey or the European Union. In these circumstances, your personal data will only be transferred on one of the following bases:
the country that we send the personal data to is approved by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data:
the transfer is to a recipient in the United States of America who has registered under the EU/US Privacy Shield;
the recipient has entered into European Commission standard contractual clauses with us; or
you have explicitly consented to the same.
To find out more about transfers by us of your personal data outside the European Union and the countries concerned please
contact us
.
We reserve the right to pass on any information to any public, regulatory, sporting or other relevant authority as may be required in order to carry out any investigation and prosecution into such matters.
Retention of information
We will hold your personal information on our systems for the longest of the following periods:
a minimum of five years;
as long as is necessary for the relevant activity or as long as is set out in any relevant agreement, transaction and/or arrangement you enter into with us;
the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate compliance with professional or legal obligations;
any retention period that is required by law; and/or
the end of the period in which litigation or investigations might arise in respect of the services that we provide to you.
These rights are not absolute: they do not always apply and exemptions may be engaged. We may, in response to a request, ask you to verify your identity and to provide information that helps us to understand your request better. If we do not comply with your request, we will explain why.
To exercise any of these rights, or if you have any other questions about our use of your information, please contact us at the details set out in the “
Contact Us
” section above.
If you are unhappy with the way we have handled your information you have a right to complain to the data protection regulator in the EU Member State where you live or work, or where you think a breach of your personal information has taken place.
In Guernsey, your local regulator is the Data Protection Authority (https://www.dataci.org)
Security
Your Personal Information will be held on secure servers and all transactions are encrypted using secure socket layer (SSL) advanced encryption technology up to 128-bit encryption. Please note that email communications with Matchbook are NOT encrypted or otherwise secured against outside interference; please use discretion when providing personal details via email. Once we receive your data, it will be held by us on secure servers and we will use all reasonable commercial efforts to ensure its security.
Changes to the privacy policy
We may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you of the changes where required by law to do so. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy regularly.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are pieces of information in the form of very small text files that a website stores in a user's browser and can retrieve whilst a user is browsing the website in order to identify the user and understand the user's activity. Matchbook uses cookies on our website to improve its performance and your user experience.
What type of cookies does Matchbook use?
When you use the Matchbook website the following types of cookies can be set on your device:
Session Cookies: these are stored on a user's device and remain there until the termination of the session of a given browser. Stored information is then permanently removed from the device memory. Session Cookies Mechanism do not allow Matchbook to access any personal data or private information from a user's device.
Persistent Cookies: these are stored on a user's device and remain there until deleted. Termination of the session of a given browser does not cause their removal from the user's device. Persistent Cookies Mechanism do allow Matchbook to access personal data or private information from a user's device.
What does Matchbook use cookies for?
Session management:
Cookies are used for authenticating a user in the website, securing the user's session in the website and facilitating the correct configuration of the user’s preferred website functions.
Example: Identifying you as being signed in to Matchbook.com and keeping you logged in throughout your visit.
Personalisation:
These cookies allow the website to remember choices a user makes and provide enhanced experience and more personalised features. They allow the user to personalise the content of the website according to user preferences, recognition of the user's device and its location and displaying the web pages accordingly, remembering user's settings and personalising user's interface.
Example: Remembering your preference for type of odds type, language or currency.
Tracking:
Matchbook uses Google Analytics that set their own cookies. These cookies are used to collect statistical information about visitors of the website and the pages they view. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and used anonymously.
Example: Understanding what content is popular to helps us to improve our website.
Non-Essential Cookies:
We also use a number of additional cookies to help store your Matchbook preferences (such as Currency and Odds type) and to help us better understand how you like to use the Matchbook site.
Marketing Messages:  From time to time we would like to send you special offers, promotions, or relevant news. Examples of these would include free bet offers and 0% commission promotions.
Third party cookies:
Some cookies that have been set on our websites are not related to Matchbook.com. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, Twitter or YouTube, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser. We do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them, as cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them. Please inspect the cookie policy of the third party for further details.
More information about cookies and details of how to manage or disable them can be found on www.aboutcookies.org.
PLEASE NOTE
: We strongly recommend that you permit the use of cookies; if you choose to disable cookies by modifying the settings in your browser then you may find that certain sections of the Website do not work as they should, and we do not accept any liability to you for any losses you incur as a result of this.
Rules & Regulations
Standard Promotional T&C's
Market Rules
Complaints Procedure
Sports Rules
Casino Promotion T&Cs
Welcome Offer T&Cs
Terms and Conditions
Betbuilder Rules
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Colossus Policy & Rules