accessibility-audio-enhancement
accessibility-braille-friendly
accessibility-disabled-access
android
app-store-apple
app-store-google
arrow-black
arrow-d
arrow-green-two-toned
arrow-green
arrow-r
arrow-u
arrow
b-corp-certification
Logo-BB
bg-pattern-dark
bg-warning
breadcrumb
calculator-big
calculator
caret-d-thick
caret-d
caret-l-bold
caret-l
caret-r-bold
caret-r
caret-u
check-logo-atm
check-logo-business
check-logo-kiwibank
check-logo-local
chevron-black
chevron-dropdown
chevron-green-two-toned
chevron-light
chevron-medium-black
chevron-medium-down
chevron-medium
chevron-skinny-black
chevron-skinny
chevron
circle-arrow
clock
close-x
content-tip-flip
content-tip-orange
content-tip-white
content-tip
csv
direction-pointer
document
email-experts
facebook
fax
filters
hamburger
info-bg
info-with-square
info
inner-kiwi
iphone
kiwibank-logo-black-text
kiwibank-logo-md
kiwibank-logo-print
kiwibank-logo-rebrand
kiwibank-logo-sm
kiwibank-logo
link
linkedin
load-next
local-for-kiwibank-logo
location-box-marker
location-experts
location-pin
Email_PMS350
marker-small
marker
menu
mobile-experts
Mobile_PMS350
mouse
padlock-outline-black
padlock-outline
padlock
pause
pdf
pencil
play-big
play-black
play-rounded
Play - sharp
Play-small
play
postshop-logo
quote-mark
radio_button--checked
radio_button
rainbow-tick-white
rebrand-alert-square
rebrand-arrow-right
rebrand-facebook
rebrand-info-square
rebrand-instagram
rebrand-left-right-arrows
rebrand-linkedin
rebrand-list
rebrand-location-pin
search-green
search
speech-bubble
telephone-experts
Phone_PMS350
text-bullet
tick-green-white-background
tick-green
tick
triangle-rounded
twentyfour-hours
user
video-big
video
warning-with-square
warning
Hmmm. Looks like your browser is a tad old and isn’t supported.
To get the best experience on Kiwibank.co.nz, please use a
supported browser
.
Increase in scam activity
We're seeing a rise in scams, including emails and phone calls pretending to be from Kiwibank and other reputable businesses. See
latest scams
.
About Kiwibank
Governance
Legal documents & information
Kiwibank Privacy Policy
Learn what we do with the information we collect about you.
Definitions
In this policy:
“Kiwibank”
means
Kiwibank Limited
, and our successors, assignees, transferees and authorised agents, also referred to with the words “
we
”, “
us
” and “
our
”;
“policy”
means the privacy policy set out below;
“related organisation”
means all organisations that are under the control of Kiwi Group Holdings Limited;
“website”
means our website(s) kiwibank.co.nz and any of our online tools, webchat or other online applications;
“your information”
means personal information about you that is relevant to the products and services we provide. Your information could include information such as your name, address, tax details, phone number, employment and financial information, information in recorded phone calls, CCTV footage at Kiwibank sites, and information collected from your use of our website, internet or mobile banking and other interactions with us.
Scope of this policy
This policy explains how Kiwibank and its related organisations collect and handle your information. In this policy, each reference to Kiwibank (including terms such as “we”, and “us“) includes our related organisations.
This policy applies to all of your information held by Kiwibank, whether provided by you, or collected from you or another source in accordance with this policy, and whether you’re based in New Zealand or overseas.
By using our products and services, you’re permitting us to collect, store, use and share your information in accordance with this policy. We may also seek your agreement to additional privacy terms in the terms and conditions for our products and services.
This policy may continue to apply to you and your information even after your account is closed, or your relationship with us has come to an end. This policy also applies to any of your information collected during any interaction between you and Kiwibank even if you aren’t a Kiwibank customer.
This policy forms part of
Kiwibank’s General Terms and Conditions
.
1
Tahi
Changes
Technology is evolving and that may affect how we deal with your information and provide products and services to you. We may need to change this policy from time to time, but the latest version will always be available on our website. We’ll usually give at least 14 days’ notice to customers of any changes to this policy but may not be able to for urgent changes we need to make to protect security or meet law changes. Your continued use of our products and services after the end of the notice period will be treated as your acceptance of the updated terms or policy. Changes will be notified to you using methods described in our General Terms and Conditions.
2
Rua
Privacy Act
Kiwibank recognises the importance of protecting your privacy. We comply with the Privacy Act 2020 and any other legal obligations we have relating to protection of information.
3
Toru
Information we collect
We can collect your information for the purposes listed below, when you use our website, apply for an account, product or service, and during our relationship with you. Your information may be collected directly from you or from others (including third party systems). The purposes for which we collect and use your information are outlined below.
4
Whā
Our purposes for collection and use
You agree that we can collect and use your information to provide you with banking and related products and services. Some of the things we use your information for in relation to those purposes are:
obtaining and verifying your identity and address;
checking that you meet our credit criteria and other eligibility requirements;
opening and operating your accounts;
providing you with our accounts, products and services,and managing your relationship with us;
proactively identifying where a product or service may no longer be appropriate for you and helping you select and use products and services most suited to or beneficial for you;
evaluating and improving our customer service;
protecting and enforcing our rights as part of our relationship with you;
cyber security and information assurance purposes;
complying with applicable laws or legal rules;
conducting market research, data processing and statistical analysis activities;
managing our operations, including customer payments and transactions;
providing you with information about offers, accounts, products and services that might be of interest to you (including from related organisations and selected business partners). However, if you ask us not to provide you this information we’ll comply with your request.
Kiwibank and our related organisations may also share your information between us to enable us to offer and provide you with products and services that can meet your needs.
From time to time we may need to use your information for another purpose associated with a particular product or service. If so, we’ll take reasonable steps to make you aware of that in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020.
You authorise us to collect information about you from any person who can provide us with information that relates to a purpose listed above and is necessary for that purpose. This may include a credit reporting agency. We may make enquiries about your information in order to check the accuracy of your information. This may include providing relevant parts of your information to agencies engaged by us to verify customer identities or address information or provide cyber security and information services.
We’ll only collect or use your information if you agree to it (by virtue of this policy or any other Kiwibank terms and conditions you agree to), or as permitted or required by law.
5
Rima
Consequences of not providing us information
If you don’t provide your information as we’ve requested, we may be unable to provide you with banking and related products or services . Please ask us if you’re unsure what parts of your information are important and how this might affect you.
6
Ono
Disclosure of personal information
We may use your information for the purposes set out above in this policy. You agree that we can disclose your information to:
anyone who needs it to assist us with the purposes listed above (including third parties in New Zealand and overseas) that provide services to or for us. These third parties may also be subject to overseas law or legal rules which require them to disclose your information. When engaging such third parties we’ll act reasonably to ensure that your information is protected from unauthorised use or disclosure;
our related organisations who may also store, use and disclose it under this policy;
credit reporting and debt collection agencies;
agencies engaged by us to verify customer identity or address information;
organisations conducting market research, data processing and statistical analysis for us;
guarantors of your obligations to us;
our/your insurers in relation to money you owe us, or property you give us security over;
our assignees, transferees or potential assignees or transferees;
your previous or current employer(s), to confirm your employment history or income;
law enforcement authorities, the courts, government agencies, regulatory authorities or third parties (including other banks or financial institutions), both in New Zealand and overseas, if required when you send money from your account or receive money into it, to confirm or investigate the transaction, and for verification and investigation into such transactions, including when it has gone into your account or where we believe the disclosure will assist us to comply with any law or legal rules or will assist in the investigation, detection and/or prevention of fraud, money laundering or other criminal offences;
anyone that we need to contact to carry out your instructions to us (including the recipient of any payment);
anyone you authorise us to disclose it to, such as health professionals or financial or legal advisors;
industry groups that we’re members of, for example, the Financial Crime Prevention Network and the Anti-Scam Centre;
to others where required by law or legal rules.
We may also use de-identified information to:
help us manage, improve and develop our products and services;
undertake statistical analysis;
help us monitor systems for fraud and financial crime and to assist us to improve our function in this area;
meet our legal obligations.
7
Whitu
Requests from police and other government agencies
Where we receive a request for your information from the police or any government agency, we may confirm whether you’re (or were) a customer of ours, but we’ll not provide
any more of your information except:
with a production order;
with your consent;
where necessary to prevent or lessen a serious threat to health or safety;
as required by law or legal rules.
8
Waru
Storage of information
We can store your information physically or electronically ourselves, or with third parties that we contract to hold information for us in New Zealand and overseas. We’ll act reasonably to ensure that your information is protected from unauthorised use or disclosure.
We may retain your information as long as we reasonably require it in order to provide you with banking and related products and services, and as required by law.
9
Iwa
Your rights of access to and correction of information
We’ll do everything reasonable to ensure that your information we hold is accurate. However, this does depend on you telling us about any changes that mean your information we hold may no longer be correct. We may also ask you from time to time when you deal with us, such as when you obtain further products or services, if your information is up to date. You may ask us for access to your information we hold about you and, if necessary, request corrections to it. We’ll comply with the Privacy Act 2020 when considering and responding to your request. Under the Privacy Act 2020 we may charge you for processing your request.
If you’d like access to your information we hold about you, please contact us. You can call our contact centre on
0800 113 355
or email via secure mail in internet banking or the mobile app. You can also provide feedback via our
feedback form
.
10
Tekau
Credit checks
We may use credit reporting agencies to check your financial status when applying for accounts, products or services, and to monitor your creditworthiness while you owe us money. This means we may give your information to those agencies, and they may give us other information they hold on your financial status. We may also let them know when you have and haven’t met your payment obligations to us.
Credit reporting agencies may use the information we provide to update their credit reporting databases. When other individuals and organisations use the credit reporting agencies’ services, they may also be provided with this updated information.
We may also use other credit reporting agencies’ services in the future. For example, we may use credit reporting agencies’ monitoring services to get updated information about your financial status.
11
Tekau Mā Tahi
Young persons
If you’re under 16 years old we’ll consider your vulnerability when we collect and handle your information.
12
Tekau Mā Rua
Privacy concerns
We treat protection of your information seriously. If you have any concerns about our collection or handling of your information, please tell us. You can call our contact centre on
0800 113 355
, complete our
feedback form
, or use the secure email function in internet banking or the mobile app. We’ll comply with our obligations under the Privacy Act 2020 and other laws with regards to your concerns. If you’re not happy with the outcome, you can also contact the Banking Ombudsman or Privacy Commissioner.
13
Tekau Mā Toru
Email address
If you provide us with your email address, we may contact you using electronic communications (e.g. email or via the secure log-in areas). We may also provide you with information about products or services offered by us or any of our related organisations that we think you may be interested in.
You may elect to not receive electronic communications at any time.
14
Tekau Mā Whā
Governing law
This policy is governed and construed in accordance with New Zealand law.
Download a copy of our
Privacy Policy
.
Share this page
News & updates
Back
News & updates
Media releases
Kiwi Economics
Economist video updates
Who we are
Back
Who we are
Our purpose
Back
Our purpose
Our sustainability approach
B Corp certified
Responsible Business Banking policy
Our brand
Back
Our brand
Card designs
Kiwibank Wardrobe
Our history
Our leaders
Meet the whānau
Diversity, equity & inclusion
Governance
Back
Governance
Legal documents & information
Back
Legal documents & information
Legal documents
Legal documents archive
Information for lawyers
Standard contracts
Kiwibank Privacy Policy
Website terms of use
Social media community guidelines
Investor centre
Back
Investor centre
Investor reports
Investor news
Credit ratings
Covered bonds
Debt & capital funding
Kiwibank Capital Instruments
Medium Term Note Programme
EMTN programme
Codes of conduct
Public notices
Back
Public notices
Archived public notices
Supplier hub
Back
Supplier hub
Supplier terms
How to get paid
Products no longer offered
Depositor protection
Partnerships
Back
Partnerships
Banqer
New Zealander of the Year Awards
Sarah Hirini
Helping Kiwi get ahead
Back
Helping Kiwi get ahead
Microfinance
Podcasts
Careers at Kiwibank
Back
Careers at Kiwibank
Job opportunities
Benefits
Recruitment journey
Life at Kiwibank
Back
Life at Kiwibank
Culture
Diversity, equity & inclusion
Career development
Our teams
Back
Our teams
Retail
Business Banking
Enterprise Operations
Digital & Technology
Corporate Services
Purpose & Brand
Transformation Office