Trimble Maps Privacy Notice
With Effective Date October 1, 2024.
This Privacy Notice explains how information (the “
Data
”) about you as a person or as a company
(“
You
or
Your
”) is collected, used, and disclosed by Trimble Maps, Inc. and Trimble Maps, Limited,
collectively Trimble Maps. (“Trimble Maps”). This
Privacy Notice applies to information we collect when You use our website, products, standalone and mobile
applications, and other online products and web services (collectively, the "
Services
") or when You
otherwise interact with us.
Trimble Maps may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify You by
revising the date at the top of the Notice, and in some cases, we may provide You with additional notice (such
as adding a statement to our homepage, sending you an email notification, or posting a message within the
Services). We encourage You to review the Privacy Notice whenever You access the Services to stay informed
about our information practices and the ways You can help protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Notice explains:
What Data we collect
Why we collect the Data and how the data is used by Trimble Maps
How the Data is used by You
The choices we offer, including how to access, update, and protect Your Data.
How we use Aggregate Anonymous Data.
This Privacy Notice covers the following Trimble Maps services:
Account Manager
Appian Enterprise and DRTrack
Content Tools
CoPilot
FleetPortal
Maps SDK
MapExact / MapSure
MileOn by PC*Miler
Mobile SDK
PC*Miler On-Premise
PC*Miler Web
PC*Miler Web Services
RouteReporter
SmartDelivery/Trimble Smart Workflow
Trimble Maps Developer Portal
Trip Management
Vusion
For more specific terms related to the different Trimble Maps Services, please review the appropriate terms of
use (“
Terms of Use
”) or End User License Agreement (“
EULA
”) when appropriate on the respective
Website.
1. YOUR ACCOUNT, REGISTRATION
When You first use any of our Services, You may need to create Your personal account by supplying a username,
an email address and a password. You may also receive credentials for our Services from your fleet manager.
Trimble Maps advises You to keep Your account details confidential and use a password that You do not use
elsewhere.
Your account is used to securely store the Data collected by each of our Services and to give You access to
the Data stored on the Trimble Maps servers. We will use Your email address to occasionally send information
related to our Services or if there are updates You need to be aware of to ensure You can use our Services in
a safe, reliable way, without interruption or if there is a legal requirement to contact You.
For all of these, Trimble Maps advises You to do the following:
Change Your password upon first login
Keep Your account details confidential
Use a secure password that You do not use elsewhere
You can delete Your account at any time using the corresponding Trimble Maps product or by logging on to the
website. Trimble Maps will not share Your account details with anyone else, unless explicitly and lawfully
ordered to do so following due legal process. Your account Data will be retained as long as Your account
exists.
2. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
The information You upload to our Services is subject to European data protection laws and is stored in the
Amazon Data Centers, also governed by European data protection laws as per the following
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-center/controls/
.
Trimble Maps' Services apply security methods based on industry standards, including technologies such as
pseudo-anonymization, hashing and encryption to protect Your Data against unauthorized access during storage
and transmission. Trimble Maps takes reasonable measures to help protect information about You from loss,
theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We will not provide anyone else
with access to Your Data unless You give us Your permission to do so or when we are explicitly and lawfully
ordered to do so following due legal process.
3. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share information about You as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice :
With authorized vendors, consultants and other service providers, on a need to know basis, who need access to such information to carry out work on Trimble Maps’ behalf, and under the same terms and conditions as Trimble Maps;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or due legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe Your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Trimble Maps or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With Your consent or at Your direction, always under the condition that Your Data will be anonymized.
4. PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
When You use one of our Services You may choose to accept product information and marketing communications
from Trimble Maps. If You choose to do so, You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or messages from
Trimble Maps by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the email or by contacting us via
privacy@trimblemaps.com
. We may also retain certain information
as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
5. TABLE OF TRIMBLE MAPS SERVICES
6. ANONYMOUS DATA COLLECTION
Trimble Maps and its Affiliates may use, process, manipulate, modify, copy, publicly perform and display,
compile, and create derivative works (“Aggregate Anonymous Data”) from Your Data and any other data related to the
Services, including, but not limited to, using such data for any internal business purpose, and for the improvement,
support, and operation of the Services, and/or the development of other products or service capabilities, provided that
neither You nor any of Your employees can be identified from the data. Further, all Aggregate Anonymous Data, all
service data, usage data, and other data that does not identify You and any data that is derived from You or all data,
reports, derivative works, compilations, modifications and other materials created by Trimble Maps from or with use of
such data will be, in each case, the sole and exclusive property of Trimble Maps, without any fees and without rights to
future royalties payable to You.
7. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT OF 2018 (THE “CCPA”) AS MAY BE AMENDED OVER TIME FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
For further information see the Trimble Additional Materials section “
CA Residents: Notice at Collection
”
https://www.trimble.com/privacy
Although none of the information noted above is sold, we acknowledge that California consumers have the right to
direct us not to sell (as that term is defined under CCPA) your Personal Information covered by CCPA. If you want to
exercise your right with Trimble Maps, if any, to opt-out, you may do so here:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
8. CONTACTING TRIMBLE MAPS
For further information, or for any questions or requests, you may contact us at
privacy@trimblemaps.com
. We also recommend visiting our main
Trimble Privacy website at
https://www.trimble.com/privacy/
.
9. DELETING YOUR ACCOUNT OR TRIMBLE ID
When you submit a request to delete your Account or Trimble ID, we will process your request according to applicable
laws and regulations, except where an exemption applies.
To submit a request please send an email to
privacy@trimblemaps.com
with the following information: a) Subject “Account
Deletion”, b) Name and c) Username/Address. You will receive an email response outlining the impact of Account or
Trimble ID removal and requesting you provide final confirmation to proceed.
Upon deletion, you will lose access to all of your Trimble products, as well as any data associated with your Account or Trimble
ID. This action is permanent and can not be reversed.
Please note that deleting your Account or Trimble ID, does not automatically cancel your Subscription. To cancel your subscription,
please follow your store provider cancellation rules.
10. DATA RETENTION
Your data is important to us, and we are committed to ensuring its privacy and security.
Retention Period:
We retain your data indefinitely to ensure the continuity and quality of our services. This enables us to provide you with a consistent and personalized experience. Where possible, we have provided the period of time data is retained.
Data Removal:
You have the right to request its removal at any time. We are committed to respecting your privacy rights and will comply with your request promptly.
To request data removal, please contact us at
privacy@trimblemaps.com
with your query, and we will process it as quickly as possible.