English
中文
Українська
Српски
Français
Deutsch
Türkçe
Italiano
Português
Español
Русский
Now connecting
people!
Login with
Facebook
Vkontakte
Odnoklassniki
Login
Login
Lost password?
Login
or
sign up
Date of birth:
Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Year
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
Female
Male
Sign up
Topface  — free dating service in All cities. Thousands of girls will be happy to chat with you: be active, send likes and compliments, invite them out for a date!
Like for dating!
Give a like and even more beautiful men and women will join us!
Privacy policy
1. ABOUT US
The following entity acts as the data controller of the personal data collected and processed through the Topface App: PSP PROSOCIALPLATFORM LTD (No. HE 402871), a company registered on October 09th, 2018, having its address at Amathountos, 202 MARINA GARDENS A, Flat/Office 8-9 Parekklisia, 4533, Limassol, Cyprus (hereinafter – “Topface”, “we” or “us”).
Topface has designated a Data Protection Officer that can be reached by sending a letter to the e-mail address:
dpo@topface.com
or to Topface’s address mentioned above.
Before we explain why, when, how and what personal data Topface collects and processes about users, let explain some basic concepts related to the protection of personal data. We believe that this way you, either as a user or non-user of the App, will gain a better understanding and awareness of why Topface processes the chosen data in the processing of personal data.
Personal data
Personal data is any information about an identified or identifiable individual (data subject). An identifiable individual is an individual that can be directly or indirectly identified, in particular by referring to a specific identifier (name, number, network identifier) or to one or more specific elements of a physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of the individual.
Subject of personal data
This is an individual to which the personal data relates and which can be identified by personal data or which is identifiable.
Special categories of personal data (sensitive personal data)
This is a new designation of confidential personal data. It is about such personal data that the data subject alone can cause harm in society, at work, at the university or may lead to its discrimination. Such personal data usually reflects racial or ethnic origin, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership in trade unions, or the processing of genetic and biometric data for the purpose of unique identification of a natural person and data on his health, sexual life or sexual orientation of an individual. By choosing to provide this information, the user consents to the processing of that information.
Administrator
The administrator is an individual or legal entity that determines the purposes and means for processing personal data and bears the primary responsibility for processing. If these terms and conditions are not specified for a particular service, the personal data administrator is Topface.
Processor
This is a natural or legal person who, on the basis of administrator instructions, processes personal data for the administrator.
Processing of personal data
Processing is any operation or set of operations that are performed with personal data or personal data sets using or without using automatic procedures, such as collection, recording, systematization, structuring, storage, updating or modification, search, viewing, use, access with transfer, distribution or any other provision of access, ordering or combining, limiting, deleting or destroying.
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Topface is a service for people who have reached the age of majority, whose main goal is to meet and communicate with other people. You can use Topface’s service through several ways, including, but not limited: through our official website at www.topface.com, through a mobile application for the Android platform or iOS platform. By registering with Topface, you enter into a legal agreement with us and we process your data for providing the service in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
name,
email address,
gender, date of birth,
your location data.
You can also provide with other information about yourself by specifying  in your profile, but this is optional. You control your profile and have constant access to this data in the "Profile" section on Topface, where all data can be corrected or updated (except for the name and email address).
Please be careful when placing in your profile such personal information as your health information or sexual orientation. Remember that the photos or videos that you post in Topface can disclose that kind of personal information. If you provide or upload personal information about yourself, you consent to its processing and publication in public.
In the interests of security and to improve the user experience, all users must undergo verification of the account. For verification, we send a letter to your e-mail address. This is necessary only to make sure that the e-mail address belongs to you. In addition, we are struggling with the creation of fake accounts that can be used to harm other users, as well as to commit cybercrimes - such accounts pose a threat to the Topface’s community and prevent other users from enjoying communication. We use your e-mail address based on the above legitimate interests and to prevent fraud and cybercrime.
To provide users with a free, non-premium service, we process a series of data (demographics and location) to attract targeted advertising for their legitimate interests, including the transfer of such data to advertisers. You can limit the transfer of such data in the settings, but you will still see advertisements, although they will be less relevant to you. In the security settings of your device, you also have the ability to prevent or restrict device IDs that will be passed on to third-party advertisers, as well as how to use these identifiers.
If you have geolocation enabled and want to turn it off, follow these instructions:
iPhone - Settings, Privacy, Geolocation Services, Topface
Android - Settings, Apps, Topface, Permissions, Location
We also want to keep in touch with you to inform you about our promotions and offers. If you agree with this, we will use your e-mail address to send you this information. You can change your decision at any time in the Settings app or on the wesite at
www.topface.com
.
3. LEGAL BASIS
Under the EU and the UK data protection laws (and other applicable data protection laws), we are required to inform you of our legal basis for using your personal data.
To the extent that we are provided with the consent of the person involved for the processing of personal data, the legal basis for processing is a Consent.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data necessary for the execution of an agreement, the provision of services, in which the User is one of the parties involved, is the Contractual Necessity. This also applies to processing operations that are required for the performance of pre-contractual activities.
If the processing of personal data is necessary to fulfill a statutory obligation that Topface  must comply with, the legal basis is Legitimate Interests.
If there are vital interests of the User or another natural person that require the processing of personal data, the Legal Interest of the User is the legal basis.
If data processing is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Topface or a third party, and the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the person involved do not override the previously mentioned interests, the Legitimate Interests of Topface and the third party shall be the legal basis for data processing.
4. WHAT DATA IS GOING ABOUT ME IF I USE THE MOBILE APPLICATION OR THROUGH THE OFFICIAL SITE?
Wherever you are, with Topface you have the opportunity to communicate with your friends, make new acquaintances, and stay in touch with your contacts that you have purchased with our service. You can do this using a mobile phone or by visiting the official website
www.topface.com
.
When you use a mobile application or visit our official website, we collect information about your language, as well as your location (latitude and longitude). This information helps us determine your physical location so that we can determine the language of your region and provide an opportunity to communicate with people near you.
If you have enabled the location function, but you want to turn it off, you can do this in your device system settings.
Topface and advertisers who are our partners can also store and use the identifier of your device to provide you with targeted advertising inside the application. You can opt out of targeted advertising by setting the appropriate settings in your profile. You can also refuse to provide data to third parties, but you will still see general ads in the application.
5. HOW LONG DOES TOPFACE KEEP MY DATA?
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. If you do not use your account for 24 months, your profile and any associated data will be deleted. When you request the removal of your profile via an application or website, it, and all associated personal data immediately becomes unavailable and completely deleted within 30 days.
Our correspondence with our support team will be kept longer so that we can use it for any subsequent requests that may arise. Such correspondence deleted after 3 years in the absence of requests.
Anonymous information about activity on Topface persists longer for statistical data and marketing research, but it does not correlate with you after deleting the profile, that is, becomes anonymous. This is because Topface seeks to develop its services and opportunities for more convenient communication and this period is justified by our legitimate interest.
Information such as IP addresses, mobile numbers and e-mail addresses is retained to combat fraud and spam as long as it is relevant.
6. WHAT INFORMATION TOPFACE COLLECTS ABOUT ME, IF I STILL HAVE NO 18 YEARS?
Topface deliberately does not collect any information about minors. We do not engage or encourage the use of our service by persons under the age of majority. If we become aware of the registration of a user under the age of majority, the statutory residence of an EU citizen and the provision of their personal data, we will take measures to remove such profile and any information about it from Topface.
If we deleted your profile because you violated our minimum age rule, we can save your email and IP addresses so you do not try to bypass our rules by creating a new profile.
7. WITH WHOM TOPFACE SHARES MY DATA?
We can provide third parties, such as payment systems, advertisers, postal services, aggregate information that includes your personal data (but does not directly identify you) together with other information, including third-party data, for market analysis and demographic data to show relevant ads about other products and services.
We share your data with the following categories of third parties:
Categories of persons:
Disclosable data:
Moderators who track activity on the site and in content review apps.
Name and registration details, profile details, messages and photos
Advertising partners and targeted advertising providers.
Ad identifier linked to your device (device ID), age, gender and IP address (and your assumed location based on your IP address)
Law enforcement agencies
Any personal information provided by you, depending on the nature of the request or concern, when required by law, when a potential crime is being investigated, or when it is necessary to protect someone's vital interests
Fraud prevention and anti-spam services to protect the service from criminal activity
Email address, phone number, IP address and IP session information, social network identifier, username, user agent string
We may use third party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service: Firebase, Amplitude, Branch
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Amplitude is an analytics service provided by Amplitude, Inc.
For more information on the privacy practices of Amplitude, please visit the Amplitude Privacy & Terms web page:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Branch is a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers provided by Branch Metrics, Inc.
For more information on the privacy practices of Branch, please visit the Branch Privacy & Terms web page:
https://branch.io/policies/privacy-policy/
We may also use the following third party service providers:
Qonversion is a service for automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of the app by
            For more information on the privacy practices of Qonversion, please visit the Privacy & Terms web page:
https://qonversion.io/page/privacy
.
Applovin is a service for automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of the app by Qonversion Inc.
            For more information on the privacy practices, please visit the Applovin Privacy & Terms web page:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform provided by OneSignal for companies around the world to enable relationships for them and their customers. This is primarily done by leveraging first party data to personalize and automate messaging through first party channels, such as email, mobile push notifications, web push notifications, and in-app messaging.
For more information on the privacy practices of OneSignal, please visit the  OneSignal web page:
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
.
We guarantee that these parties act in accordance with the data protection and confidentiality provisions of this Privacy Policy. We do our best to ensure that all data remains as anonymous, in hashed, non-human readable form.
In the event that Topface or any of our partners who own your data legally transfers business or changes ownership, for example, due to the takeover by another company or the merger, reorganization or sale of all or part of the assets, as well as in case of insolvency, we can be required to disclose your personal information.
8. WHAT DATA OTHERS CAN SEE ABOUT YOU
When using the app, keep in mind that any data you post or send in the app may be available to both app users and others. Users should be careful about what information they post, as it can become publicly available.
The information in your profile, as well as other information you disclose in the app, including certain data added to your profile through other accounts, can be viewed by others. They may also share this information with individuals who are not users of the app. For example, someone might suggest that one of their friends meets you by taking a screenshot of your profile picture and sending it, regardless of whether their friend is a user of the app.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to lodge a complaint with data protection regulators. Topface has its main office at Amathountos, 202 MARINA GARDENS A, Flat/Office 8-9 Parekklisia, 4533, Limassol, Cyprus. and the Information Commissioners’ Office (ICO) is our lead regulator. You can find out how to make a request to the ICO. If you are in the EU, you can also contact the local data protection authority who can communicate with the information authority on your behalf.
1.
Right to be informed: what personal data an organisation is processing and why (this notice).
2.
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
3.
Right of rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it corrected.
4.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
5.
Right to restrict processing: in limited circumstances, you have the right to request that processing is stopped but the data retained.
6.
Right to data portability: you can request a copy of your data in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to another provider.
7.
Right to object: in certain circumstances (including where data is processed on he basis of legitimate interests or for the purposes of marketing) you may object to that processing.
8.
Rights related to automated decision making including profiling: there are several rights in this area where processing carried out on a solely automated basis results in a decision which has legal or significant effects for the individual. In these circumstances your rights include the right to ensure that there is human intervention in the decision-making process.
If you want to exercise any of your rights listed above please visit Feedback Page or email us at
dpo@topface.com
. For your protection and the protection of our users, we may request certain information to verify your identity before processing your request.
If you do not agree with the way we have handled your request or your personal information, contact the first order authority using the contact information listed above.
If you feel we have not resolved your concern, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). If you live in a country or territory located in the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA), you may also get in touch with your local Data Protection Regulator. If you live in a country outside the EU, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with your local privacy or data protection regulator.
10.	HOW DOES TOPFACE PROTECT MY PERSONAL DATA?
Topface takes the necessary security measures to protect and prevent loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control, including your personal data. Our technical specialists are constantly working to ensure that Topface remains safe and secure.
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records no website or internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal data safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use. If you lose your password or give it out, or another service provider that you use suffers a data breach and you have used the same credentials with that service provider as you have with Topface, your personal data may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to Support via Feedback page.
In order to prevent misuse of Topface by a user whose profile/account has expired or been deleted, we will retain information we deem necessary to prevent that user from creating a new account in violation of our Terms of Service and to ensure compliance with all laws and legal regulations.
Please note: Even after your account is deleted or after you delete information from your profile, other users and non-users will be able to see copies of that information to the extent that it was previously disclosed to them, or to the extent that other users have saved or copied it. We have no control over this and assume no obligation to do so. If you have given third-party applications or sites access to your personal information, they may retain that information in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policy
11.	WHERE IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION KEEPING?
To ensure the smooth operation of our service and you can always stay in touch with your friends, we use a network of servers including outside the European Union and (for Users located in Russia) Russia. This hardware is located in third-party data centers that are located in territories offering necessary legal protection, that comply with all relevant personal data protection legislation and with which we have signed the relevant agreements concerning personal data of the users. The data collected by our advertising partners can also be stored outside the European Economic Area. We guarantee that the data will be adequately protected and that existing legal schemes such as those approved by the EU (EU approved model clauses (which can be found
here
) and the countries hosting the software and hardware for confidentiality will be respected, and reliable contractual standards will be implemented. If you want more information about our security measures, please write to us at
dpo@topface.com
.
12.	WHAT DATA TOPFACE RECEIVES IF I WOULD CONTACT THE SUPPORT TEAM?
If you contact our support team by writing to
dpo@topface.com
, we will receive your e-mail address, and we can track your IP address and the information you receive from us to help solve your problem. We will keep records of our correspondence with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you) within 3 years after the deletion of your account.
13.	FOR WHAT GOALS TOPFACE USES MY PERSONAL DATA?
We can use the materials that you place in the public domain in Topface, for advertising purposes on the sites and in the applications of our partners. This meets our legitimate interests and allows us to improve the service and make it more attractive to users.
We use your personal data to resolve disputes, resolve problems and enforce our Terms of Service.
14.	WHAT ARE ‘COOKIES’ AND WHAT ‘COOKIES’ DOES TOPFACE USE?
We collect information by placing cookies on a computer or mobile phone. Cookies is a piece of text stored on your device by your web browser. Cookies stores information about visiting a website, recognizes you and your preferences every time you visit Topface, and provides the functionality of the site, allowing us to provide services to our users upon request.
When you visit the publicly available sections of Topface, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer that only lasts while you’re visiting. We also place persistent cookies (also known as local storage devices) on members’ computers, so that Topface remembers them and makes their login experience faster and easier. We may use persistent tracking cookies on your mobile device, mainly for security protection purposes, such as to prevent phishers, scammers, unauthorised log in attempts, and to help you access your hacked account. We do not use any information whilst you are logged off.
            You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Topface offers.
Topface’s use of cookies and local storage devices basically falls into the following categories:
those that are strictly necessary to deliver the services and products you have requested, such as, for example purchasing Topface Premium;
cookies related to the performance of Topface’s site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble free experience for our members and visitors;
cookies related to the functionality of Topface’s site, such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language or allowing you to chat, add photos and instant message Topface members;
third party cookies which link to other social networks and which you request via social plugins;
cookies used to improve and target advertising to you based on what’s relevant to you, to improve reporting on any advertising campaign and to avoid showing you ads you have already seen.
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes
Analytics and research
Topface uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Topface site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information about Google’s privacy policy, please visit
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you’re logged in, you can enjoy Topface s offerings, experiences and various features, such as uploading photographs, chatting and can localise your experience, such as when you’ve requested to view Topface’s site in your local language or when you’ve asked Topface to ‘remember me’. These cookies also help to remember who invited you to join Topface
Security and site integrity
We use cookies and other devices, such as CAPTCHAs, to help keep Topface and our members safe and secure. These cookies do things like protect Topface users from spam and fraud, by ensuring the safety of your personal data when you shop on Topface for things like Topface Premium.
We may use persistent cookies, which will help us to ensure we have identified the same device is logging into the correct account. These types of cookies also help with our anti-spam measures and may help us to prevent phishers, scammers, unauthorised log -in attempts to your account and accessing any hacked accounts.
Website features and services
These cookies and local storage devices provide the functionality that our Topface members enjoy, such as uploading of photographs, chats, instant messaging, your account settings and your request to have Topface as your homepage or your search preference. We also use cookies to help provide experiences, such as links to other social media sites, social plugins and video content, including making it easier for you to share content between Topface with your other favourite social networks.
In some cases, the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies or local storage devices on your computer. The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and Topface recommends that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Topface include, and we have included a link to their privacy policies:
Twitter,
https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook,
https://en-gb.facebook.com/policy.php
YouTube,
https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
VK.COM,
https://vk.com/privacy
OK.RU,
https://ok.ru/privacy
We need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure our members have the best possible experience, such as assisting with your navigation of our site, ensuring pages load up quickly and respond faster to your requests for Topface services
Our use of cookies and local share devices, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories. We will notify you of any important changes to our use of cookies and local storage devices If you would like to know more about cookies, including flash cookies/local storage devices, the following websites provide useful information:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html
15.	POLICY AMENDMENTS
Topface may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy always takes precedence when regulating our use of your information and can be found at https://topface.com/privacy/. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you, for example, by sending an email to the e-mail address associated with your account or by posting a notice on the Topface app.
The date this Privacy Policy was last modified: February 09, 2022. Effective from February 09, 2022.