Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you use services provided by our site and/or application,
            place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When using services provided by out site and/or application, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your:
            name, e-mail address, birthdate, gender and relationship status. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience to provide a better service. (Your information helps
            us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve our application based on the information and feedback we receive from you
- To improve customer service as your information helps us to more effectively respond
            to your customer service requests and support needs
- To process transactions
We may create anonymous data records from your details by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you.
            Kaave reserves the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in its sole discretion, but generally:
- We use anonymous data for campaigns, advertising, and analysis.
- We also use anonymous information to improve our products and services.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred,
            or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever,
            without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the
            purchased product or service requested.
- To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
- To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries,
            and/or other requests or questions.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails,
            we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information
            when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via
            Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized
            with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.)
            will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your
            Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and
            capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic
            and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party
            service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the
            information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
            This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business,
            or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
            your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or
            protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information
            may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
            These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility
            or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity
            of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the
            California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information
            to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information
            at anytime by visiting settings panel within the application.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect
            any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, application, products and services are all directed to
            people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website
            and/or application and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability
            governing the use of our website at
https://www.kaaveapp.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Your Right to Privacy
First and foremost, as our user you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about
            you and how it is processed and, if we have information about you, to have a copy of that information. You are entitled to correct and update any personal
            information about you and to request this information to be deleted. You may edit your account information at any time, using the tools provided in the mobile
            app. When you can not yet perform a desired action to view, edit or delete your information - because the technological feature is not yet there - feel
            free to contact us, and we'll manually process your request. If you have any questions or requests on your rights relating to our use of personal data, please
            contact us at:
support@kaaveapp.com
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.kaaveapp.com
support@kaaveapp.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Last Updated: October 22, 2021