Privacy Policy
We at Phonato Studios have created this Privacy Policy to describe how information is collected, used, and disclosed when you visit or use a Phonato Studios Offering.
By accessing and/or using this Phonato Studios website or any Phonato Studios Offering, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The term
“Phonato Studios”
means Phonato Studios Pvt. Ltd. and/or its Affiliates. The term
“Affiliate”
means, with respect to any party, any person or entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such party. The term
“Phonato Studios Offering”
means the websites, mobile games, app of Phonato Studios, including
www.phonato.com
, any other sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and any other Phonato Studios application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by you through third party sites or sources, including the products and services available through any of the foregoing.
Information that we may collect
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
When you register a profile with Phonato Studios, your profile including any information (name, address, gender) will be registered with Phonato Studios. When you identify yourself on a Phonato Studios site or game, you may identify yourself using a Phonato Studios account. When you identify yourself on a Phonato Studios site, you may identify yourself through a social network account in which Phonato Studios may receive additional information about your profile.In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don’t generally collect any Personally Identifying Information about our users (such as social security number, street address, drivers license number, etc.), exception being for billing and payments where we store your billing information such as name, street address, phone number. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems on which you have used Phonato Studios Games, which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
By providing your email address, you consent to receive promotional/marketing messages from us. You retain the right to unsubscribe from these communications at any time using the unsubscribe link provided in the emails. Your email address will solely be used for the purpose of sending promotional/marketing messages and will not be shared with any third parties without your consent
For example, Phonato Studios may collect and store some or all of the following information shared by the provider of the connected third-party application(like Facebook):
your first and last name;
your profile picture or its URL;
your user ID number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
the user ID number and other public data for your friends;
the login e-mail you provided to that third-party application when you registered with it;
your physical location and that of the devices you use to access our Services;
your gender;
your birthday and/or age range;
information about your activities on or through the connected third-party application;
other publicly-available information on the third-party application; and/or
any other information that you or the provider of the third-party application share with Phonato Studios.
Cookies and Automated Information Collection
We and service providers acting on our behalf, like Google Analytics, store log files and use tracking technologies such as:
cookies, which are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer for record-keeping purposes;
web beacons, which let us know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened;
tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively; and
local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, which help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.We and our service providers use these log files, tags, and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including:
IP addresses;
the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
your operating system version;
your mobile device’s identifiers, like your MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);
your browser types;
your browser language;
referring and exit pages, and URLs;
platform type;
the number of clicks on a page or feature;
domain names;
landing pages;
pages viewed and the order of those pages;
the amount of time spent on particular pages; and
game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games.
Other Information from Your Mobile Device
If you play Phonato Studios games on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
the email address associated with your device;
your telephone number;
your country; and
your specific geolocation;
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
When you use a Mobile App, which includes telephones and other devices such as tablets, you agree that information about your use of the Service through your mobile device and carrier may be communicated to us. This information includes, but is not limited to your carrier, device, geo-location, IP address, telephone number, country or other information you provide. With your permission, we may also access your contacts. Your carriers standard fees and rates will still apply, including without limitation SMS/text messaging fees, and you accept responsibility for all charges.When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain on secure servers the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content.
Finally, in order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service, including information about users accessing the Phonato Studios site, playing Phonato Studios games, using SNS Apps on other sites or using Mobile Apps, such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time (Activity Information).By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-described information in anonymous form as long as Phonato Studios sees fit.
How We Use the Information We Collect
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide a better gaming experience, but there are other uses as well. The uses for which we collect and store your information include:
to operate, improve and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences;
to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games;
to identify and suggest connections with other Phonato Studios players and personalize our Services to you;
to enable players to communicate with each other;
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
to protect the safety and well-being of our players;
to protect Phonato Studios’s rights and property in connection with our Services;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our Terms of Service;
to manage and deliver contextual and behavioural advertising;
to notify players of in-game updates, new products or promotional offers;
to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to conduct research.
One important use of your information is communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to Phonato Studios, we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries, and keep you informed of your in-game activity. We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional SMS messages (e.g. text messages) (“Promotional Communications”) directly or in partnership with other parties. Each Promotional Communication will offer you choices about receiving additional messages.
Your Rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent on the legal basis which we rely upon for the relevant processing activity (see “How Phonato Studios Uses Your Information” section), you have certain rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
privacy@phonato.com
. In some cases, Phonato Studios may ask you to submit additional information (for example, your first name, last name, your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services, etc.) in order to identify you as the user of Phonato Studios’s Services and data subject before responding to your requests. We reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse to comply with a request where permitted by law, for example if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. To the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, the response period to your request may be extended where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests.
Access and Correction
You can receive confirmation from us if about whether we are holding personal data about you and can receive access to a copy of the information. You can also correct and complete incorrect information.
Deletion and Restriction
You can request that we that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data or demand the deletion of your personal data (subject to certain exemptions). You can request the deletion of data associated with you by contacting us at
privacy@phonato.com
. We will delete all associated data within 30 days after receiving the request. You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the Phonato Studios’s application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service.
Business Transfers:
As Phonato Studios continues to grow, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Phonato Studios or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Phonato Studios and Others:
We may also disclose your information if there is a violation of the
Terms of Use
or other agreements; if we have a good faith belief that the law requires it; or if needed to protect the rights, property or safety of Phonato Studios, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with entities for fraud detection and protection, and credit risk reduction.
Mobile Advertising:
Most mobile devices provide the ability to opt out of the collection and use of information from the apps you use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. For more information, and to exercise these choices, consult the settings on your device.
Social Games:
With respect to Social Games, you may manage your own social network privacy preferences through your social networking site account.
Third Parties
Phonato Studios Offerings may allow you to play or share information through social media (such as by logging in through a social media account or using a “Like” button”) or contain links to social media services or other third parties. The use of these features and links are subject to the privacy policies of those companies and your settings on those services. Phonato Studios has no control over, and is not responsible for, the information submitted to or collected by social networks or other third parties. We encourage you to review those third party privacy policies to understand the way your information may be collected and handled by such third parties.
Chat and Messaging
Phonato Studios Offerings may operate message boards and/or chat areas where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. When posting to a message board or chat area, the information is being made publicly available in an online environment. Any information posted is the sole responsibility of the individual user.
Agreement with Phonato Studios Privacy Policy
By accessing and/or using any of the Phonato Studios Offerings, you signify your understanding of and agreement with this Privacy Policy, and to our
Terms of Service
. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any Phonato Studios Offerings.
Additional Questions
Again, feel free to contact us by sending an email to
support@phonato.com
, any time, if you have further questions about Phonato Studios or this Privacy Policy, or if you want to receive a previous version of this document.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Phonato Studios protects your information.
© 2024 Phonato Studios
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service