Foxit Software Inc. Privacy Policy
REV. Date: March 20, 2025
Your right to privacy and control over your personal information is very important to everyone at Foxit Software. To ensure that you understand how Foxit collects and uses personal data, please note the information below.
This Privacy Policy governs how Foxit Software uses personal data when you visit our website, and when you access and use any of the Foxit Software products and services (desktop applications, cloud services, and mobile applications), including but not limited to: the Foxit PDF Reader, the Foxit PDF Editor, Foxit PDF Editor Pro, Foxit Admin Console and Foxit eSign. You are responsible for checking this policy from time to time as the list of products and services, along with the policy as a whole, may change from time to time.
1. Responsible body
For any questions about privacy in connection with our products and services or the use of our website, you can always contact our data protection officer.
Foxit Software Inc.
39355 California Street
Suite 302
Fremont, CA 94538
USA
Tel. +1 866-680-3668
Email:
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
For questions specifically related to privacy of data protection in the EU and its Member States, please contact our European office:
Foxit Europe GmbH
Lennéstr. 1
10785 Berlin
Germany
Email:
dataprotectionEU@foxit.com
Tel.: +49 30394050-0
Fax: +49 30394050-99
2. General collection, processing and use of personal data in the context of the use of the website, products and services
When you visit our website, or install and/or use our products or services, the following information may be collected (i) when you send us such information, or (ii) depending on the activity, without your active participation, and will be stored until automated deletion:
Your IP address;
Your device type, model, name, mac, and ID;
The date and time of access;
The names and URLs of the pages you visited;
Your Mac address;
Time spent on each website page;
Your pattern of use;
The website from which the access takes place (i.e. referrer URL);
The browser and operating system of your computer as well as the name of your access provider;
Any search keywords input;
Any feedback you send us;
Product information such as the Product name, version number, product license type, state transition, language, edition (whether, for Editor, Editor Pro, etc.), the distributor ID, and Foxit’s defined UUID; and
Any other information to provide identification that helps us provide the service and comply with the law.
For certain products and services, we also collect token information for any third-party document management systems such as FileOpen, SharePoint, NetDocuments, iManage Work, iManage Cloud, Egnyte, OpenText Documentum, OpenText eDOCS, OpenText Content Suite, Worldox, and possibly others.  Note that this list of third-party document management systems may change from time to time.
The data we collect is processed by us for the following purposes:
Ensuring a smooth connection to the website, products and services;
Ensuring a great user experience of our website, products and services;
Evaluation of system security and stability;
For further administrative purposes
In no scenario will we use any nonanonymized data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you.
If you register on the website to download software, register your software, register for a service, view a webinar, get pricing, have a salesperson contact you, or for any other reason, the following information may be collected based on your input:
First and last name;
Company;
Email;
Telephone;
Account creation information such as time and date;
Number of licenses required;
Login Information such as User ID and other credentials;
Account information, and
Other information, depending on the nature of your inquiry.
Some of our services may allow you to upload documents for processing. In such cases, we handle these documents and data solely for the purpose of providing the requested service. We do not retain or share this data beyond what is necessary to fulfill the request or permitted by law.
The data mentioned is processed by us for the following purposes:
For sales and marketing purposes, to follow up on requests, and to provide additional information or to answer questions;
For responding to inquiries and to otherwise correspond with you;
For managing our relationship with you;
For communicating with you;
For supplying you the purchased software service;
For keeping proper records of transactions with you;
For meeting legal obligations.
The legal basis for the data processing described in this section is the fulfillment of our contractual obligations or the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
3. Third-Party data processing in the context of contract execution
We collect and process your data for the entire process of your purchase or your subscription, including possibly in the context of later warranties for our services and for technical administration. This affects the following data:
Your name;
Your address;
Your phone number;
Your email address;
The employer (if requested);
The job title (if specified);
Payment information, such as your bank account or credit card information (if applicable).
Your personal data will only be passed on to third-parties or otherwise transmitted if this is necessary for the purpose of contract execution or billing, or if you have previously consented. For example, in the context of order processing, for the service providers used here (such as PayPal or other banks), the data is necessary to handle the order and order processing. The data transmitted in this way may only be used by our service providers to fulfill their respective contractual tasks. Any other use of the information is not permitted. We need the correct name, address, contact and payment details to process your order. We need your email address so that we can confirm the order and communicate with you. Furthermore, you will receive the order confirmation and invoice via your email address. Employer and job title information is required (as relevant) to ensure services such as support and follow-up can be properly provided.
The legal basis for the data processing described in this section is the fulfillment of our contractual obligations or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, and meeting legal obligations.
4. Create a Foxit account
If you create a Foxit account, we will also use your email address as a login. The creation of a Foxit account is not required and is optional to download and order products. However, a Foxit account allows you to download free trial versions, view your previous online orders, manage your subscriptions (if you have a subscription account), and use Foxit’s cloud service and web applications. The legal basis of the processing is your consent.
5. Use of Foxit cloud service
Foxit provides a number of cloud services, allowing user to read, edit, process PDF files, work across multiple devices, sign documents, and collaborate online. Files might be uploaded or created when you are using these cloud services, other content or usage data can be created as well.
You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you to do things like sharing your file, sending messages, and inviting others to use the services. If you do, we will store those contacts on our servers for you to use.
Some Foxit cloud services provide collaboration features where you want to share information with other team members. Foxit will share the information you provide to the person(s) you specify. You understand that your name, email address, information from your profile and online account (including your avatar), and any content you choose to share will be shared with such person(s), and such person(s) may communicate with you (such as by posting comments or emailing you) in connection with your use of the collaboration features of the Foxit cloud services. For example, person(s) who you invite to collaborate with you as a contact using the collaboration features of the Foxit cloud services may also (i) modify comments in or about the file that you have shared, (ii) share such content outside of the Foxit cloud services, and (iii) provide other person(s) with rights to view the content you have shared.
All the files you upload to the Foxit cloud services and the data you created using the Foxit services are stored on an appropriate server infrastructure for processing. Unless you choose to store the files and data on a Foxit server for a later usage, all these files you uploaded will be deleted once the process is completed, and the output files will typically be deleted in one day. We keep the files for the sole purpose of giving you and your designated third parties access to the files and the data for as long as you need access. During that time, we neither look at the files nor mine any data from them. No backups are made of any transitional uploaded files or their processed output, and the content of such files are not monitored without your explicit permission.
The legal basis of the processing is your consent.
6. Use of Cookies, Pixels, Beacons, and Other Tracking Technologies
Our website may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – places on the user’s device to remember information about the user, such as the user’s language preference or login information.
This type of cookie is set by us and is referred to as a “first-party cookies.” Foxit uses first-party cookies primarily to make the website work as you expect it to. For example, we use the information we collect through first-party cookies to allow you to navigate between pages efficiently, analyze how well our website is performing, and understand the content that you spent the most time reviewing. In some cases, we use first-party cookies to store information that we use for targeted advertising.
We also incorporate cookies and similar technologies, such as pixels, tags, and web beacons, from outside Foxit’s domain (“third-party cookies”).  Third-party cookies gather information to enable our vendors to provide a range of services to us, including targeted advertising and measuring the success of our advertising campaigns.
Below is a detailed list of the categories of first- and third-party cookies we use on our website. You can prevent the collection of data by non-essential performance, functional and marketing cookies by clicking on “Your Privacy Choices” in our website footer and toggling off the related functionality.
Essential Cookies
Essential cookies are necessary for the website to function properly and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to a site visitor’s request for services, such as a visitor setting their privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but blocking these cookies will prevent the website from working correctly or might prevent the Website from working at all.
Non-Essential Cookies
Non-Essential are not essential to the website functionality but serve some other unique purpose in three subcategories:
Performance
Functional
Marketing
“Performance” cookies
: (sometimes referred to as static cookies) collect information about the user's behavior on the website without collecting personal information, for example:
Pages the user visits.
Ads the user views.
Ads or site features that the user clicks.
“Functional” cookies:
(sometimes called preference cookies) track and remember the user's preferences and past choices on the website to provide a personalized user experience. For example, functional cookies can collect:
Usernames
Passwords
Regions
“Marketing” cookies:
(sometimes called tracking or advertising cookies) can track:
Content the user views
Links the user follows
The user's browser and device information and IP address
Please note: Organizations can use marketing cookies to track and influence users by building user profiles or displaying advertisements.
Cookie Management
You can control and manage cookies associated with your browser. If you are interested in controlling and managing cookies from your browser including any set by our Website, please refer to
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
for information on different ways to configure your browser’s cookie settings.
If you want to clear all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, here are links where you can download three third party programs that clean out tracking cookies.
http://www.lavasoftusa.com/products/ad-aware_se_personal.php
http://www.spybot.info/en/download/index.html
http://www.webroot.com/consumer/products/spysweeper/
DAA and NAI
Many advertising companies that collect information for interest-based advertising are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), both of which maintain self-regulatory programs along with websites where people can opt out of interest-based advertising from their members. To opt-out of website interest-based advertising provided by each organization’s respective participating companies, visit the DAA’s opt-out portal available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
, or visit the NAI’s opt-out portal available at
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
.
To opt-out of data collection for interest-based advertising across mobile applications by participating companies, download the DAA’s AppChoices mobile application opt-out offering found here:
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
Non-Participant Opt Out Options
Some of our vendors do not participate in the DAA or NAI self-regulatory programs for online behavioral advertising or have developed their own processes for allowing consumers to opt-out:
https://branch.app.link/optout
Some devices and apps do not have access to web-based browser cookie opt-outs. To learn more about the advertising opt-outs provided by your mobile device's operating system (like iOS and Android) or the device manufacture, click
here
.
You may delete cookies from your web browser at any time or block cookies on your equipment, but this may affect the functioning of or even block the website. You can prevent saving of cookies (disable and delete them) by changing your browser settings accordingly at any time. It is possible that some functions will not be available on our website when use of cookies is deactivated. Check the settings of your browser. Below you can find some guidance:
Safari
Opera
Microsoft Edge
Google Chrome
Mozilla
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set if they do not want web services to collect information about their online activity. We do not respond to DNT signals.
7. Use of web analytics and additional services
Web analytics and the other named services in this section are used for the continuous optimization of our services, products, and our website. The tracking provides a statistical record of the use of our website and allows us to evaluate it to optimize our offerings to you.  From time to time, we employ data processing and collection services and tools to help us provide you with the best services available. Examples of at least some of the data collection and/or processing services are found in the corresponding list below. Note that the list may change from time to time and is provided solely as examples of how we collect data. The legal basis for the data processing described in this section is our authorized interest in the needs-based design and continuous optimization of our website, products and services.
a. Google Analytics
For the purpose of the customized design and continuous improvement of our website we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (
https://www.google.com
) (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; in following “Google”). In this context, pseudonymized usage profiles are created and cookies (see point 5) are used. Information generated by the cookies include, as an example:
Browser type/version;
Operating system;
Referrer URL (the previously visited page);
IP address of the accessing computer;
Time of server request;
Pages visited.
This information is transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage for the purposes of market research and tailor-made website design. This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or third parties process this data. The data accumulated in this context is transmitted by Google for evaluation to a server in the USA and stored there. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google relies upon the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for transfers of online advertising, measurement, and personal data out of the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with any other data provided by Google. The IP addresses are anonymized, so that personal identification is not possible.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting the browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case not all features of this website may be fully exploited. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a browser add-on (
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
). As an alternative to browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent the collection by Google Analytics. An opt-out cookie will be set which will prevent the future collection of your data when you visit the website. The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must reset the opt-out cookie again. For more information about privacy related to Google Analytics, see the Google Analytics Help Center (
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
).
b.Google AdWords Conversion Tracking
To statistically record the use of our website and to optimize and evaluate it, this website also uses the Google Conversion Tracking tool (Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Here, Google AdWords sets a cookie on your computer if you have reached our website via a Google advertisement. After 30 days these cookies lose their validity and are not used for personal identification.  If the user visits certain pages of the website of the AdWords customer and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the customer can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page.
Each AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords tracks the total number of users who have clicked on our ad and proceeded to a provider with a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive information that personally identifies users. If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can also refuse the required setting of a cookie – for example, via a browser setting that generally disables the automatic setting of cookies. You can also disable cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain
www.googleadservices.com
. Google’s privacy policy on conversion tracking can be found here (
https://services.google.com/sitestats/en.html
).
c. Act-On
If you fill out the any form on the website, your information will be collected by marketing automation software from Act-On Software, Inc. (8300 SW Creekside Place, Suite 250, Beaverton, Ore. 97008, USA) to provide you with our newsletter and other automated email correspondence. These communications provide further information about the downloaded software and related services. You can unsubscribe from receiving Foxit email at any time (see point 12).
In addition, Act-On uses the information in the download form on our behalf to analyze your continued use of our portal. Certain usage data are linked and stored with your person. In this way, we can provide you with information and offers that are tailored to your specific needs. You may object to this use of your data at any time.
We work together with the Act-On services to collect and store your data. For more details, see Act-On's Digital Policy Compliance Information and Privacy Policy.  For more information on the technologies used by Act-On Software, Inc., please refer to Act-On's Privacy Policy at
https://act-on.com/privacy-policy-summary
.
d. Pardot
If you fill out the any form on our website, your information will be used on our behalf by the marketing automation software of Pardot, a subsidiary of Salesforce, Inc. (Salesforce.com, Inc., The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) to provide you with our newsletter and other automated email correspondence. These communications provide further information about the downloaded software and related services. You can unsubscribe from receiving Foxit email at any time (see point 12).
In addition, Salesforce uses the information in the download form on our behalf to analyze your continued use of our portal. Certain usage data are linked and stored with your person. In this way, we can provide you with information and offers that are tailored to your specific needs. You may object to this use of your data at any time.
We work together with the Salesforce’s services to collect and store your data. For more details, see Salesforce's Digital Policy Compliance Information and Privacy Policy.  For more information on the technologies used by Salesforce, Inc., please refer to Salesforce’s Privacy Policy at
https://www.pardot.com/legal/
.
e. Bing Ads
Microsoft’s Bing Ads software is used on our website (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA). Bing Ads uses your computer cookies if you come to our website via a Microsoft Bing advertisement. This information tells Foxit that someone clicked on an ad, was redirected to our site, and reached a previously determined landing page (conversion page). Bing Ads learns only the total number of users who clicked on a Bing ad and were then redirected to the conversation page. No personal information about the identity of the user is given. You can prevent the storage of cookies through your browser settings; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of the website in full. You can prevent Microsoft data collection by disabling the personalized ads on Microsoft’s disclaimer page. More information can be found in the Privacy Policy from Microsoft at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/
.
f. Hotjar
This website also uses web analytics software from Hotjar Ltd. (Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian’s STJ 1000, Malta) to collect statistical information about the use of our website. With the help of this tool, visitor information is collected and transmitted to Hotjar servers. The technology enables the activities of the user to be collected while visiting our website, to analyze and visualize. For example, we can use a “heat map” to identify which areas of our website are the most visited and clicked. For this are appropriate Cookies sent to Hotjar. Hotjar Ltd. may impose data collection and storage on certain browser settings. Hotjar's data collection may be disabled by any opt-out on any of our or other websites operated using Hotjar. Further explanations as well as a function to explain your opt-out can be found on the opt-out page of Hotjar. In addition, Hotjar supports the so-called Do-Not-Track function of your browser. If you enable it in your browser, Hotjar will not collect any data. Instructions for the various browsers can be found on the Hotjar website.
                        For further information regarding Hotjar, visit
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/gdpr-commitment
as well as
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
.
g. Stripe
Foxit uses online payment management services from Stripe (Stripe, Inc. 185 Berry Street, Suite 550, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA). The service allows Foxit to record process monthly and annual subscription purchases for Foxit products and stores the necessary billing information provided by the customers to successfully process each transaction. Your data is hosted by Stripe in the United States. The data processing by Stripe takes place partly on servers in the USA. The use of external payment service provider is based on our legitimate interest to you offering Stripe as an additional payment option. For more information about Stripe, visit
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
.
h. Salesforce.com
Foxit uses customer relationship management software from Salesforce.com (Salesforce.com, Inc, The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA). The service allows us to record contact information of customers and potential customers. A limited number of authorized employees have access to the database as necessary to search for business information about customers and potential new customers. Your data is hosted by Salesforce in the United States.
                        For more information about Salesforce.com, visit
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
i. Zendesk, Inc.
This website also uses chat software from Zendesk, Inc. (1019 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103) to collect information from you to help you get information about Foxit products. Zendesk collects information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. For further information regarding Zendesk, visit their privacy policy
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/
and/or their EU data protection policy
https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy-and-data-protection/
.
j. SalesLoft, Inc.
This website also uses tracking software from SalesLoft, Inc. (3423 Piedmont Road Northeast Suite 321 Atlanta, GA 30305) to collect information about the use of our website to optimize the website for our visitors. SalesLoft collects information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time you spent on those pages, and other statistics. For further information regarding SalesLoft, visit their privacy policy
https://salesloft.com/platform-privacy-notice/
.
k. Quora
Foxit uses the Quora Pixel from Quora (Quora, Inc. 650 Castro St 450, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA). The Quora Pixel is a tool that is placed in our website to track traffic and conversions of website visitors coming to Foxit.com from the Quora website. When someone clicks on our ad and lands our website, the Quora Pixel allows us to identify how many people are visiting our website and what actions they are taking. For more information about Quora, visit
https://www.quora.com/about/privacy
.
l. Demandbase
Our website uses Demandbase. Demandbase uses cookies and web beacons, such as invisible tracking pixels, to collect non-personal information (browser version, operating system, IP address, cookie information, timestamp). Foxit collects corporate and other firmographic information related to your IP address. The cookies are readable only by Demandbase, with identifiers that may be linked to certain non-personal information or non-personal third party advertising IDs. For more information, please see
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/
.
m. Mailgun Technologies, Inc.
Some Foxit cloud services use Mailgun email services from Mailgun Technologies, Inc. (“Mailgun”) to send emails on behalf of Foxit and to deliver the service and account management notice to You. Mailgun collects information that your browser sends whenever you fill in a sign up or contact form on their website or send Foxit an email. This data may include Your personal information (i.e., Your name, company name, email address) and your non-personal information. For further information regarding Mailgun, visit their privacy policy
https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy
.
n. Third Party Cloud Storage Services
We may provide third party cloud storage services in our products and services for your convenience at your choice, such as Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Dropbox, or others to you. You acknowledge and understand that the data collection of such cloud storage services shall be governed by the privacy policy provided by such third parties.
o. Foxit Dashboard
For the purpose of improving product quality and features, we may process how you use some of our products and services (“Usage Data”) with our internal system Foxit Dashboard. You have the option to share the following data about how you use and interact Foxit products and services:
System information, such as UUID, devices, operating system (version, language);
Foxit product information, such as product name, version, language;
Information about your documents, such as number of pages, and unique document identifiers, (but not the content in your documents);
Document usage information such as how many times you open a document; and
How you interact with Foxit’s products and services, including the features you use and the options you select.
You can choose not to share Usage Data by setting your preferences on your products or services page.
p. Gartner
Foxit uses the Gartner tracking tag from Gartner Digital Markets (Gartner, Inc. 56 Top Gallant Road Stamford, CT 06902 USA). The Gartner tracking tag is placed in our website to track traffic and conversions of website visitors coming to Foxit.com from the Gartner family of brands including Capterra, GetApp, and Software Advice. When someone clicks on our ad and lands on our website, the Gartner tag allows us to identify how many people are visiting our website and what actions they are taking. For more information about Gartner, visit
https://www.gartner.com/en
.
q. Drift.com, Inc.
By using the Live Chat feature, you consent to our collection and analysis of all personal information provided. The Chat Vendor is analyzing the data and information submitted to respond intelligently to meet or identify your needs and answer questions. We utilize a vendor called Drift (“Chat Vendor”) to process, analyze, and store the contents of the chat on our behalf. For more information on how the Chat Vendor may use or disclose your personal information, please review their privacy policy
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy
. By using these forms and features, you direct the Foxit to disclose to and share with the Chat Vendor any personal information you provide.
r. Azure AI Services
Some Foxit products/services use Azure AI services from Microsoft (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA).
Azure Open AI
The AI Assistant feature is placed in our products/services to help you to summarize and rewrite the content you choose and also extract key/value information from your documents. You acknowledge and agree that Microsoft will process the text prompts, queries and responses. Visit
Data, privacy, and security for Azure OpenAI Service - Azure AI services | Microsoft Learn
for more information.
Azure AI Document Intelligence
Your use of AI Assistant feature will entail your data being uploaded onto Azure Storage and processed by Microsoft; such data and extracted results will be temporarily stored in Azure Storage in the same region as the request and will be deleted within 24 hours. Visit
Data, privacy, and security for Document Intelligence - Azure AI services | Microsoft Learn
.
Text to Speech
Foxit uses Text to Speech to process certain user input to generate audio output. These inputs are temporarily processed by Microsoft but will not be retained or stored in Azure storage once the processing is complete. No personal data will be permanently stored or accessible by Microsoft during this process. Visit
Data, privacy, and security for text to speech - Azure AI services | Microsoft Learn
for more information.
s. VWO
Foxit uses A/B Testing technology of VWO from Wingify (Wingify, KLJ TOWER, 1104, North, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitampura, Delhi, 110034, India). The VWO A/B Testing tool is placed on our website to determine the one that could leave the maximum impact among all the different versions that are shown to different segments of our website visitors so as to drive business metrics. VMO may collect and process your personal information (name, email address, phone number, etc.) and non-personal information upon your direct registration or creating an account of it. Foxit will stick to its commitment herein when it collects your personal information using VMO services. You have the option to opt-out at any time as well as to manage or delete the cookies regarding the use of VMO under
https://vwo.com/privacy-policy/
.
t. D&B Visitor Intelligence & D&B Buyer Intent
Foxit uses D&B Visitor Intelligence to identify the business, customize the website experience and target anonymous website visitors. Foxit uses D&B Buyer Intent to find targeted intent audiences. Both D&B Visitor Intelligence and D&B Buyer Intent come from Adobe Experience Cloud provided by Adobe Inc. (Adobe Inc., 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA). Adobe may collect, process, or share your personal information while these services initiating or responding. For more information regarding Adobe, visit
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
and you have the option to opt-out at any time as well as to manage or delete the cookies regarding the use of Adobe under
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#communication
.
u. Google reCAPTCHA
This website uses Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise to help prevent fraud and spam. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. More information can be found in the Privacy Policy from Google at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google's
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
v. Reddit
We use Reddit as a campaign platform to put up our ads. Reddit is a public platform operated by Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit”) at 548 Market Street #16093, San Francisco, California 94104, USA. You may jump to this website through your click of such ads on Reddit and your click-through action may be tracked by Reddit as well. Your interactions with and activities on Reddit as well as all your personal data involved therewith will be regulated by Reddit
User Agreement
and
Privacy Policy
.
w. Mind Tickle
We use Mind Tickle Sales Enablement Platform for effective sales content management and hosting digital sales rooms. The platform is developed by Mindtickle Inc, 535 Mission St, 14th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. We use it to deliver the best possible experience for our customers as well as a more efficient work environment for our employees. This platform helps us analyze how our customers interact with the sales and marketing content we share with them.
                        The legal basis for the processing of your personal data by using this platform is Art. 6 (a) GDPR. Your interactions with and activities on Mind Tickle will be governed by Foxit Privacy Policy (
https://www.foxit.com/company/privacy-policy.html
). For more information related to the Platform please visit
https://www.mindtickle.com/privacy-policy/
.
x. BriteVerify
Foxit uses BriteVerify verification service provided by Validity, Inc. (100 Summer St, Suite 2900 Boston, MA 02110, USA) which helps us to provide secure and scalable validation in order to maintain an actionable database. The following personal information is processed by Validity, Inc.: contact information such as e-mail address, phone numbers (U.S. and Canada only), postal addresses (U.S. only), IP addresses. The processing of this personal information is governed by the Privacy Policy of the processor Validity, Inc. Privacy Policy - Validity. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) GDPR.
y. 6sense Revenue AI
6sense Revenue AI is a Tag Managing System provided by 6Sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA, 94105 (“6sense”) that we use on our website. 6sense Tag Manager has access to the following personal data: IP address, browser history, content interactions, browser behavior. The 6sense Tag Manager allows us to add code to our websites. 6sense is only processing your data as an independent controller. 6sense will combine your IP address with personal information such as : company name, industry, employee count, annual revenue, and buying stage. The legal basis for the transfer to 6sense is our legitimate interest (Art.6 (1) f) GDPR in providing the website efficiently. You can find more information in 6sense's Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy | 6sense
.
8. Social media plug-ins
We use Social Plug-ins on our website from Facebook, Twitter, You Tube, and LinkedIn to increase Foxit’s awareness and promotional purposes. Responsibility for the operation compliant with data protection is to be guaranteed by their respective providers. The integration of these plug-ins by us is done by means of the so-called two-click method to protect visitors to our website in the best possible way.
a. Facebook Connect
This website uses the “Facebook Connect” service provided by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). When using Facebook Connect, Facebook profile data and on Facebook public data from your Facebook profile are transmitted to this website. Conversely, data from the Foxit website can also be transferred to your Facebook profile. Your transmitted data will be stored and processed by Foxit for registration on the Foxit Platform. By registering on our website via Facebook Connect, you consent to the transmission of profile data from your Facebook profile to Foxit as well as the transmission of data on the use of Foxit to Facebook. The legal basis is the fulfillment of the contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. For more information about Facebook Connect and Privacy Settings, please refer to the Facebook Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
b. Twitter
This website uses a plugin of the short message network of Twitter Inc. (Twitter). The Twitter plugin (tweet button) can be recognized by the Twitter logo on our site. An overview of tweet buttons can be found here (
https://about.twitter.com/resources/buttons
). When you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Twitter server. Twitter receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Twitter "tweet button" while logged in to your Twitter account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Twitter profile. This allows Twitter to associate your visit to our pages with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter. If you do not want Twitter to associate your visit to our pages, please log out of your Twitter account. Legal basis is the Contract fulfillment or the Execution of pre-contractual measures.
Further information can be found in the privacy policy of Twitter (
https://twitter.com/privacy
).
c. YouTube
We use the provider YouTube for the integration of videos. YouTube is operated by YouTube LLC, headquartered at 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube is represented by Google Inc., located at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94943, USA. When you visit the subpages of our website that have a YouTube plugin, they will connect to the YouTube servers and display the plugin. This will tell the YouTube server which of our subpages you have visited. If you are logged in as a member of YouTube, YouTube assigns this information to your personal user account. When using the plugin such as clicking the start button of a video, this information is also assigned to your set account. For more information about data processing and privacy by YouTube (Google), please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy. If the Do-Not-Track feature is activated in the browser, no external YouTube content will be loaded without the consent, only the reference to this option (Play button) will be displayed. You can prevent the collection of data generated by cookies and related to your use of this website as well as the processing of this data by Google by entering into the Google Settings and disabling the "Personalized Advertising on the Web" option. In that case, Google will only display non-individualized advertising. The legal basis is on our legitimate interest in the integration of video and image content.
                        More information can be found in YouTube
Privacy policy
from Google.
d. LinkedIn
This website offers the possibility to sign in with “ Sign-In with LinkedIn”. Sign-In with LinkedIn is a service of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Ct. Ste. 200 Mountain View, California 94043, United Stated (“LinkedIn”). If you want to use this feature, you will first be redirected to LinkedIn. There you will be asked to log in with your username and password. We do not take note of registration data. Following this, your LinkedIn account information will be sent to us if you confirm this process with the “Login and allow” button.
A permanent link between your customer account and your Account on LinkedIn does not take place. For more information about Sign In with LinkedIn and Privacy Settings, please refer to the LinkedIn
Privacy Notice
.
9. Server locations
An overview of Foxit’s group of companies including its subsidiaries can be found at
https://www.foxit.com/company/contact.html
.The servers on which user data is collected, stored and used are located in the United States and Germany. For customers from the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland, your information will be stored on the servers located in Germany, except for the account information (Email Address and password), which is currently located in the United States.
However, at times, your data may be required within our group of companies or to third parties. If you use the Foxit’s Products and/or Services, you allow us to transmit, store and process your information in the United States, Germany and possibly in other countries. The laws of these countries may differ from the laws of your place of residence. By taking advantage of Foxit ’s Products and/or Services, you consent to the transmission of your data to these countries. In the event that personal data is to the other countries or regions from the EU, we rely upon the European Commission’s Standard transferred Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for transfers of online advertising, measurement, and personal data out of the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland.
10. Registration
For all website registrations, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure in the European Union only. After registration on the website, we will then send you a notification email asking you to confirm that you wish to receive additional information from Foxit by clicking on a link in this email. The link will bring you to a preferences manager where you may choose what type(s) of information you would like to receive.
If you no longer wish to receive information via email from us, you can unsubscribe at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates. You will find an unsubscribe link in Foxit emails, and if you chose to unsubscribe, we will then delete your email address from our mailing list.
11. Affected rights for European Union website visitors via GDPR
In connection with the data processing presented here, you have the right to:
Request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you can request information on the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed, the planned retention period, the right to rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or opposition, the existence of the right to complain, the source of their data, if not collected from us, and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details;
Demand the correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored with us;
Demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless we require the data for processing for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of Legal claims;
Demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Dispute the accuracy of the data or assert that the processing is unlawful, or whether we continue need the data;
Receive your personal data that collected/stored in a structured, standard and machine-readable format, or request transmission to another person responsible;
Revoke your once given consent to us at any time. As a result, we are not allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent cancellation;
Contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our Contact branch in Berlin, Germany.
You can exercise a defense of your legal claims where you have objected to any data processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR
12. Withdrawal and Rights
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data provided reasons exist for such objection arising from your particular situation, or providing that the objection is directed against a direct mailing from us. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation.
You also have the right to revoke, at any time, a previously given consent. As a result, we will not continue the data processing based on this consent. By the revocation of the consent, the legality of the processing on the basis of the consent until the revocation is not affected.
If you would like to exercise your right to revocation or objection, please send an email to
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
.
13. Registration Data in the European Union
In accordance with GDPR, European Union website visitors have the opportunity to order our newsletter, register for product downloads, and/or other registrations, in which we regularly inform you about news about our products and promotions.
For these registrations we use the so-called Double Opt-in method.  We will only send you e-mail if you confirm by clicking on a link in our notification e-mail that you are the owner of the given e-mail address. If you confirm your e-mail address, we will save your e-mail address and the time of registration until you unsubscribe. The sole purpose of the storage is to send you information via e-mail and to prove your registration. You can unsubscribe from e-mail at any time. A corresponding unsubscribe link can be found in every e-mail. A message to the above or in the specified contact information (e.g. by e-mail or letter) is also sufficient. Legal basis of processing is your consent in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) of the GDPR.
In our email, we use commercially available technologies that measure the interactions with the e-mail (e.g. opening the e-mail, clicked links).  We use this data in pseudonymous form for general statistical evaluations as well as for the optimization and further development of our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics that are embedded in the e-mail (so-called pixels). The data is collected exclusively pseudonymized and also not linked with your other personal information. Legal basis for this is our aforementioned legitimate interest. Through our e-mail, we want to share content relevant to our customers and better understand what readers are actually interested in. If you do not want to analyze the usage behavior, you can unsubscribe from e-mails or deactivate graphics in your e-mail program by default. The data for the interaction with our e-mails are stored pseudonym for 30 days and then completely anonymized.
14. Storage time
We will process and keep most of the personal data related to your Foxit account until you cease to be an active user of our Services and Software. If you request for your account to be removed, we will delete personal data related to your account, however, personal data related to contract and business transactions will be retained for ten years from the last year of the business relationship.
If you have consented for your personal data to be processed for a specific purpose such as marketing, then we will continue to process such data until you ask us to stop, and then for a period within 4 business days until your request has been processed. When your request is processed, we also create a permanent record of the request to ensure that it is respected in the future.
15. Data security
If you have created a Foxit account, access to this account is only possible after entering your personal password. You should always keep your access information confidential and close the browser window when you stop communicating with us, especially if you share your computer with others. In addition, we use the popular SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. In general, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we will instead utilize 128-bit v3 technology. Whether a single page of our website is encrypted is shown by the closed representation of the key or lock icon in the lower status bar of your browser. We also take appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or total loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
16. Additional Rights Under the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA
The General Data Protection Regulation of the EU (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act (CPRA) places obligations on organizations that collect personal information of California consumers. As a result, we’ve updated our Privacy Policy to include a description of additional rights granted by the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA to provide consumers with required disclosures about the collection of personal information.
16.1. Your Rights under the GDPR
For more details about the personal information we have collected, including the categories of data collected, how long we keep the data, the reasons we collect the data, please see Sections 2, 9,10, and 11, above, along with other relevant sections.
16.2. Your California Privacy Rights
This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the CCPA and CPRA.
For more details about the personal information we have collected, including the categories of sources, please see Section 2, 9, 10 and 11, above, titled “
General collection, processing and use of personal data in the context of the use of the website
,” along with relevant other sections. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described above. We share this information with the categories of third parties described above (as such term is defined in the CCPA) the personal information we collect.
We do not sell your personal information; and will not sell your personal information without providing you the ability to opt out
. Please note that we do use third-party cookies for our advertising purposes as further described above.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA and CPRA provide California consumers the right to: (i) request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information); (ii) to delete their personal information from both Foxit databases, and upon request, to any third party with whom Foxit has shared your personal information; (iii) to opt out of any “sales” of their personal information that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights; (iv) the right to opt out of any profiling or automated processing of personal information done to evaluate personal aspects of an individual and to make predictions such as performance at work, economic situation, health, preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights enumerated in this Privacy Policy by contacting us at
Foxit Software Inc.
39355 California Street
Suite 302
Fremont, CA 94538
USA
Tel. +1 866-680-3668
Email:
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including your email address. Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.
17. Sending of notification messages to mobile phones of Foxit mobile application users
If you have given your prior written consent in accordance with Art. 6 Section 1 (1) lit. a GDPR, we use your e-mail address and / or your mobile number for sending you notifications. You may revoke your consent at any time by sending an e-mail to our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
.
18. Changing, downloading, and printing this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date on which it is made available on the site and is effective as of May 10, 2022. As our site evolves and offers become available, or as a result of changes in government or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. The current privacy policy can be retrieved and printed by you at any time on the URL you are currently viewing. You can also download this text in PDF format. To view and print PDF files you need a PDF viewer. You can download the Foxit PDF Editor for free trial on our
website
.
×