PZ MOBILE LIMITED
PRIVACY POLICY
1. Introduction
Protecting your privacy is a top priority for PZ Mobile Ltd. We offer our services via two types of mobile applications: via an application for Android mobile devices ("Android App") and an application for iOS mobile devices ("iOS App"). By using our mobile applications ("Apps"), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
2. Personal Data collected
With the exception of Geotagging (as described in par. 3 below), our Apps do not store, process or transmit user data.
Some of our Apps (more specifically Horizon Camera for Android and Anagramma Lite for iOS) use the Admob SDK for serving personalized user ads.
You can find more information about the way Google handles your information:
https://myadcenter.google.com
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
3. Methods of Collecting the Personal Data
Geotagging
We geotag your videos and photos in our iOS App so that you can share them via social media, such as Facebook and Twitter. We do not your IP address. We only use your GPS data to assess where the video or photo was captured. Users have the option to
opt-out
from location tagging by visiting the settings of the iOS App and disabling the 'Location tagging' option.
All the above collection of Personal Data
does not allow PZ Mobile Ltd
or any third parties to personally identify an individual (such as certain names, e-mail addresses or any other similar data). Further,
it does not allow
PZ Mobile Ltd to permanently identify a particular device (such as a unique device identifier if such an identifier cannot be reset), even in hashed form.
4. Your Rights
You have the right, at any time, to know whether your Personal Data has been stored and can consult us to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to info@pz-mobile.com.
5. Changes
If our Privacy Policy procedures change, we will post those changes immediately to our Website. Any such changes will be effective thirty (30) days from the time they are posted, unless otherwise stated in the change provision.
6. Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Cyprus.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@pz-mobile.com.