Privacy Policy
Overview
Owlfiles is an app developed by Skyjos Ltd. ("us", "we", or "our"). We are committed to protecting the privacy of your data. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect, use, and disclose about you when you access or use the application - Owlfiles.
Information we collect
Information you provide to us when you register for an Owlfiles account.
If you turn on the "Sync Connections" option in Owlfiles settings, the connection settings will be synchronized to our server.
How we use your information
You can use a third-party account (such as Apple ID, Google Account) to login and use the service. If you login through a third-party account, in order to verify your account so that you can login and use the service, after your authorization and consent, we will collect your email address, nickname, and avatar in accordance with these terms and
Apple Privacy Policy
,
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
If you turn on the option "Sync Connections" in app settings, all connections you created in this app will be synchronized to our server and distributed to your other devices. In this way, you can use Owlfiles seamlessly on all your devices. This feature is disabled by default. And you can turn it on or off in the app settings.
How you manage your personal information
Modify your personal information: You can modify your personal information in the "Account & Security" of Owlfiles.
Erase your personal information: Click the "Delete Account" button in the "Account & Security" of Owlfiles to delete the account. We will stop providing services for the account and delete related personal information and data after you delete the account. The account deletion process is irreversible, and we cannot restore the account for you.
How we protect your sensitive data
First of all, we store your sensitive data as less as possible. Secondly, for those of data has to be saved in the app such as login and OAuth, we use encryption to protect them.
App Permission Usage
Owlfiles may require specific access permissions on your device when you use some individual features.
Android:
Owlfiles requires storage access permission when you use the files on your Android device.
Writing Settings permission is required if you want to adjust screen brightness when watching videos.
iOS:
"Local Network" permssion is requried if you want to access your servers in local network.
"Cellular" permission is required if you want to access your servers in cellular network.
"Camera" access permission is required when you use the in-app camera to take photos.
"Photo" access permission is required when you transfer/save photos from/to iOS photo library.
Use of Analytics Services
No analytics services are taken from using this app. We does not monitor your usage or anything about how you interact with the  app.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy, which will be posted on our web sites and relevant communications channels. You are advised to check our web sites regularly to view our most recent privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Home
Terms of Use
Contact Us