We only collect anonymous information.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
We don't share your personal data with other companies.
We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
Ad companies collect anonymous data. You can opt out.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob (Google)
AdMob knows performance mobile advertising. As one of the largest performance mobile ad networks worldwide, we offer performance advertisers sophisticated targeting capabilities and low-cost customer acquisition with measurable return on investment.
Privacy Policy and Choices
Flurry
Flurry Analytics provides accurate, real time data to developers about how consumers use their mobile applications, as well as how applications are performing across different handsets. Application developers receive anonymous, aggregated usage and performance data, as well as robust reporting and analysis tools. With this data, developers can identify issues and opportunities, create a more informed product roadmap, increase retention and grow their user base.
Privacy Policy and Choices
This privacy policy was last updated on 2019-05-08.