US to limit Canadian access to beloved cross-border library where Kristi Noem taunted hosts
The library astride the border has long allowed those in Canada to enter the building from the US side without going through customs. That arrangement is ending.
‘More of a struggle’: Some parents worry how Trump’s Ed Department order will harm children, schools
For many children, “it’s going to be profoundly impactful for years and decades to come,” one parent said.
Trump signs order aimed at abolishing Department of Education
See a recap of Thursday's political events
Trump to dismantle the Department of Education: What that means for Massachusetts schools
Share
SHARE
Font
Default
Mono Sans
Mono Serif
Sans
Serif
Comic
Fancy
Small Caps
Font Size
Default
X-Small
Small
Medium
Large
X-Large
XX-Large
Font Edge
Default
Outline Dark
Outline Light
Outline Dark Bold
Outline Light Bold
Shadow Dark
Shadow Light
Shadow Dark Bold
Shadow Light Bold
Font Color
Default
Black
Silver
Gray
White
Maroon
Red
Purple
Fuchsia
Green
Lime
Olive
Yellow
Navy
Blue
Teal
Aqua
Orange
Default
100%
75%
50%
25%
0%
Background
Default
Black
Silver
Gray
White
Maroon
Red
Purple
Fuchsia
Green
Lime
Olive
Yellow
Navy
Blue
Teal
Aqua
Orange
Default
100%
75%
50%
25%
0%
Play
2:11
Skip
The president signed an executive order Thursday aimed at abolishing the agency. Here's what it means for schools in Mass.
(Jenna Perlman)
Hegseth says he’ll meet with Musk at the Pentagon to discuss ‘efficiencies’
White House attacks Mayor Wu as ‘radical’ after she criticized Trump in defiant State of the City
‘Shame on that’: GOP lawmakers confronted over Trump and Musk support at fiery town halls
William Chisholm, Mass. native, purchases Celtics for record $6.1 billion: ‘I’m all about winning championships and raising banners’
William Chisholm grew up on the North Shore and is a Celtics fan. The sale is the highest sum ever paid for a sports team in North America.
On Basketball: The Celtics will be even more expensive next season. That could be an issue.
What we know about William Chisholm, the Celtics' new owner
Chisholm is a Dartmouth grad and a native of Georgetown, Mass. He owns a home on Nantucket.
A few interesting details about Kimberly Ford Chisholm, wife of the new Celtics owner
What ‘saddened’ Steve Pagliuca said after Celtics were sold to William Chisholm
“We made a fully guaranteed and financed offer at a record price ... no debt or private equity money that would potentially hamstring our ability to compete."
Boston School Committee OKs school closure, merger plan on Thursday
The Boston School Committee Thursday night approved the controversial closure of three public high schools and an elementary school, plus the merger of two more schools, after many parents and educators made last-minute pleas for a reprieve.
Judge splits decision on race bias claims at Boston Marathon
A federal judge gave a split decision about an ugly incident at the 2023 Boston Marathon, when a gathering of spectators, largely people of color associated with a women’s running group, were surrounded by police while watching the race.
Mass General Brigham residents and physicians picket in support of hospital CEO compensation cap
Residents and attending physicians wanted to see more investment in patient care instead of executive salaries.
Martha’s Vineyard babysitter who allegedly left toddler in car faces manslaughter charge after child’s death
The Cape and Islands district attorney’s office said the child died Wednesday at Mass General Hospital, days after allegedly being left in a vehicle for hours.
Lawyer for German national detained at Logan says he fell ill, was hospitalized after ‘unnecessary interrogation tactics’
Fabian Schmidt, a New Hampshire resident and green card holder, remains in custody at the Wyatt Detention Center in Central Falls, Rhode Island.
Catching a flight? Rideshare fees to Logan airport will jump to $11 roundtrip this summer.
Massport unanimously approved to increase the fees, and expects a surge in passengers to Logan over the next decade.
New Dana-Farber cancer hospital wins key state approval, despite Mass General Brigham concerns
The new 300-bed tower, built in partnership with Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, would reshape the delivery of cancer care in Massachusetts.
Aroldis Chapman should be Red Sox closer, says fellow reliever Liam Hendriks
“I think it’s been pretty well proven this spring training who deserves that spot,'' Hendriks said.
Finland is again ranked the happiest country in the world. The US falls to its lowest-ever position.
When it comes to decreasing happiness — or growing unhappiness — the United States has dropped to its lowest-ever position at 24, having previously peaked at 11th place in 2012.
Report: Star receiver Stefon Diggs leaves Foxborough without a deal from the Patriots
According to Sports Illustrated, the sides “[will] keep talking” following what both sides regarded as a positive interaction.
Opinion
EDITORIAL
A hostile takeover at Columbia
The college’s Middle East studies department may need fixing, but not by the government.
Ashish K. Jha
Five things Trump must do to combat bird flu
RENÉE GRAHAM
Protecting your peace in the Trump/Musk ‘hurriquakenado’
IDEAS | DAVID SCHARFENBERG
Trans girls playing girls’ sports? How about a more radical idea: Abolish the gender divide in athletics altogether.
PODCAST | SAY MORE
How Massachusetts became the lottery capital of America
Most Read on bostonglobe.com
Lawyer for German national detained at Logan says he fell ill, was hospitalized after ‘unnecessary interrogation tactics’
‘I have been kept a secret my entire life.’ Harrowing details emerge of Conn. man allegedly held captive for two decades.
William Chisholm, Mass. native, purchases Celtics for record $6.1 billion: ‘I’m all about winning championships and raising banners’
Martha’s Vineyard babysitter who allegedly left toddler in car faces manslaughter charge after child’s death
US to limit Canadian access to beloved cross-border library where Kristi Noem taunted hosts
What we know about William Chisholm, the Celtics' new owner
What ‘saddened’ Steve Pagliuca said after Celtics were sold to William Chisholm
Marcelo Mayer enters the Red Sox' second-base conversation. How does he compare to Kristian Campbell or David Hamilton?
Snitch City
In a nation addicted to drugs, local police are addicted to informants. This new Spotlight series begins in an American city that, like so many others, is enmeshed in the war on drugs.
Part 1:
A rogue cop
Part 2:
The police chief
Part 3:
The informant
Listen to the podcast
Just released
Episode 3: The Chief
More recent News
Father and 7-month-old daughter dead, mother critically injured after crash in Lewiston, Maine
Tyrell Willigar, 20, of Brunswick, was killed at the scene, and his daughter died from her injuries the following day, officials said.
In Dorchester’s Meetinghouse Hill, a jump in killings leaves residents feeling ‘left behind’
The committee is expected to vote on a controversial plan to shutter four buildings, and merge two others as part of a long-range plan to cut costs.
Judge denies defense bid to delay April 1 retrial of Karen Read
“Well, I’m not going to grant the motion,” said Judge Beverly J. Cannone from the bench in Norfolk Superior Court. “All right? We have jurors coming in that were summonsed months ago. ... What I will do is, we’ll start impaneling on April 1.”
White Stadium trial, Day 3: Closing arguments as judge weighs plaintiffs' demands to end NWSL renovation project
Superior Court judge Matthew Nestor said he expects to deliver a ruling “in a week or two.”
Lawrence General, Holy Family hospitals appoint new interim CEO
Former Tufts Medical executive Diana L. Richardson will take over next month while the system conducts a national search for a permanent leader.
Brookline schools to eliminate Office of Educational Equity amid budget cuts
School Committee members who voted in favor of cutting the office stressed their decision was based on budgetary considerations as they try to avoid cuts that would directly impact classrooms.
Recommended reads
Globe Magazine
New England’s 50 fastest-growing companies
For the first time, the Globe and Statista rank the region’s revenue-growth champions.
‘I have been kept a secret my entire life.’ Harrowing details emerge of Conn. man allegedly held captive for two decades.
In elementary school, he was so hungry that he stole food from other children and sometimes ate out of the garbage, the man told investigators.
THE FINE PRINT
Why did UMass Memorial tack on $770 to his bill for a simple X-ray?
Plus, should the state tax the Irish equivalent of Social Security? Also, Direct File still has some bugs.
This type of dog is the most popular in the country, again. See where your favorite ranked.
The small breed has since 2022 held the top spot in the American Kennel Club's annual ranking.
Culture & Lifestyle
In ‘Night Side Songs,’ finding ways to talk about illness through song
The BSO takes ‘Giant Steps’ with John Coltrane tribute by Terence Blanchard and Carlos Simon
It’s anonymous. Send your friendship or relationship question to Love Letters.
Things to do around Boston this weekend and beyond
Special Projects
Broken Promises, Unfulfilled Hope
The Boston Globe explores the legacy of Boston’s busing era.
A Globe Spotlight Team report on Steward Health Care
A Boston Globe Spotlight Team review found the Steward Health Care hospital system plagued by staggering neglect at the hands of executives.
The Boston Globe’s Best of the Best
Our ultimate guide to more than 200 winners for Boston's best food, drinks, and fun things to do.
Nightmare in Mission Hill
The story of how a murder in Mission Hill — the Carol Stuart shooting — terrorized and wounded a community of innocent people.
Support Real Journalism
Subscribe to the Globe for just 99 cents
Subscribe Now
FROM OUR PARTNERS
product by Studio/B.
What is this?
This content was produced by Boston Globe Media's
Studio/B
in collaboration with the advertiser. The news and editorial departments of the Boston Globe had no role in its production or display.
product by BG BRANDLAB.
What is this?
This content was produced by Boston Globe Media's
Studio/B
in collaboration with the advertiser. The news and editorial departments of the Boston Globe had no role in its production or display.
Opinion, ideas, and commentary
Sebastien Lai
Jailed for defending democracy
IDEAS | Katherine J. Igoe
My niece lives in a hospital — there might be nowhere else for her to go
JEFF JACOBY
Dictators rejoice as Voice of America and Radio Free Europe are silenced
George Selgin
Trump’s ‘Strategic Bitcoin Reserve’ makes no sense
MARCELA GARCÍA
US is now funding El Salvador’s jails — but abandoning its people
IDEAS | CARINE HAJJAR
Lebanon’s biggest problem is not Israel
Metro
Judge splits decision on race bias claims at Boston Marathon
A federal judge gave a split decision about an ugly incident at the 2023 Boston Marathon, when a gathering of spectators, largely people of color associated with a women’s running group, were surrounded by police while watching the race.
Jeffrey Bruce Klein, a founder and editor of Mother Jones, dies at 77
Mr. Klein was one of four journalists who in 1976 founded the magazine Mother Jones.
US to limit Canadian access to beloved cross-border library where Kristi Noem taunted hosts
The library astride the border has long allowed those in Canada to enter the building from the US side without going through customs. That arrangement is ending.
Trump to dismantle the Department of Education: What that means for Massachusetts schools
The president signed an executive order Thursday aimed at abolishing the agency. Here's what it means for schools in Mass.
Sports
CAPITALS 3, FLYERS 2
Great 8! Alex Ovechkin nets 888th career goal to move 7 away from breaking Wayne Gretzky’s NHL record
Ovechkin scored his 888th goal Thursday night in a victory by the Capitals over the Flyers that helped Washington clinch a playoff berth, moving seven back of passing Gretzky’s mark of 894 that long seemed unapproachable.
Hockey East men's semifinals | Maine 4, NU 3 (20T)
Maine outlasts ninth-seeded NU in double OT to reach Hockey East championship game
Maine's Charlie Russell deflected a shot off Nolan Renwick's shin and into the NU net at 11:02 of double OT for a 4-3 win.
WEST REGION | ARKANSAS 79, KANSAS 72
John Calipari is sticking around New England a little longer as Arkansas defeats Kansas in matchup of marquee coaches
Johnell Davis added 18 points, including some crucial late free throws, to help Calipari to his first tournament victory as Razorbacks coach.
PANAMA 1, UNITED STATES 0
Panama stuns US on Cecilio Waterman’s late goal, eliminating Americans from CONCACAF Nations League
Aroldis Chapman should be Red Sox closer, says fellow reliever Liam Hendriks
Hockey East men's semifinals | UConn 5, BU 2
Joey Muldowney does the trick for UConn against BU for berth in Hockey East men’s championship game
Columnists
Christopher L. Gasper
Christopher L. Gasper is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at
christopher.gasper@globe.com
. Follow him
@cgasper
and on Instagram
@cgaspersports
.
Rick Pitino is like a reality TV show, his latest episode featuring St. John’s. All we can do is sit back and watch the drama.
Dan Shaughnessy
Dan Shaughnessy is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at
daniel.shaughnessy@globe.com
. Follow him
@dan_shaughnessy
.
The men’s NCAA tournament used to be great. But now that it’s professional basketball? No thanks.
Tara Sullivan
Tara Sullivan is a Globe columnist. She can be reached at
tara.sullivan@globe.com
. Follow her
@Globe_Tara
.
Bedford’s Mike Rosenberg died doing what he loved: Chronicling the joy of high school sports
Gary Washburn
Gary Washburn is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at
gary.washburn@globe.com
. Follow him
@GwashburnGlobe
.
The Celtics are going to be even more expensive next season. That could be an issue for new owner William Chisholm.
Business
In latest blow to Tesla, regulators recall nearly all Cybertrucks
The recall, which covers more than 46,000 Cybertrucks, warned that an exterior panel that runs along the left and right side of the windshield can detach while driving.
Zelensky says open to US investing in nuclear plants
Ukraine's president ruled out ceding control of his nation’s nuclear power plants, but left open the possibility of the US investing in them following a phone call with President Trump.
DOGE blocked in court from Social Security systems with Americans' personal information, for now
Mass General Brigham residents and physicians picket in support of hospital CEO compensation cap
Business columnists
Shirley Leung
Shirley Leung is a Business columnist. She can be reached at
shirley.leung@globe.com
.
How Massachusetts became the lottery capital of America
Larry Edelman
Larry Edelman can be reached at
larry.edelman@globe.com
.
Tariffs and DOGE put the Fed — and maybe the economy — on ice
Jon Chesto
Jon Chesto can be reached at
jon.chesto@globe.com
. Follow him
@jonchesto
.
Report: Seaport needs more hotels before expanding convention center
Hiawatha Bray
Hiawatha Bray can be reached at
hiawatha.bray@globe.com
. Follow him
@GlobeTechLab
.
The new iPhone is AI-ready. So where’s the AI?
Sean P. Murphy
Got a problem? Send your consumer issue to
sean.murphy@globe.com
. Follow him
@spmurphyboston
.
Why did UMass Memorial tack on $770 to his bill for a simple X-ray?
Scott Kirsner
Scott Kirsner can be reached at
kirsner@pobox.com
. Follow him
@ScottKirsner
.
He started covering Boston’s innovation scene just before the dot-com bust. 25 years later, he’s more worried than ever.
Get The Globe's Most Popular
A daily newsletter listing the Globe's 10 most popular stories at that moment.
Enter Email
Sign Up
magazine
exclusive rankings
New England’s 50 fastest-growing companies
red sox
The Sox superfans of Fort Myers: These retirees build their lives around spring training
LOVE LETTERS
I’m recently widowed. Is it too soon to reveal my new relationship?
PERSPECTIVE
Trump and Musk want to eliminate health care jobs like mine. That puts veterans at risk.
metro
Needham celebrates return of hometown hero Sunita Williams
White House attacks Mayor Michelle Wu as ‘radical’ after she criticized Trump in defiant State of the City address
Judge denies defense bid to delay April 1 retrial of Karen Read
sports
Thursday’s Red Sox spring training report: Aroldis Chapman is heating up
Balanced effort leads BYU past VCU in first round of NCAA Tournament
Former NFL, Michigan assistant coach Matt Weiss charged with hacking for athletes' intimate photos
business
Lyft to offer driverless ride-hails ‘as soon as this summer’
Carney plans to trigger an early election in Canada as he shows off skating skills with an NHL team
Tesla announces another broad Cybertruck recall, this time over glue
politics
Hegseth says he’ll meet with Musk at the Pentagon to discuss ‘efficiencies’
Musk set to get access to top-secret US plan for potential war with China
Trump orders a plan to dismantle Education Department while keeping its core functions. Here’s a recap.
Nation
Facing anti-DEI investigations, colleges cut ties with nonprofit targeted by conservatives
Administration officials believe order lets immigration agents enter homes without warrants
Trump administration seeks to contain damage from personal data released in JFK files
World
Israeli strikes across Gaza hit multiple homes, killing at least 85 Palestinians
Netanyahu expected to fire Shin Bet chief despite protests
Finland is again ranked the happiest country in the world. The US falls to its lowest-ever position.
opinion
My niece lives in a hospital — there might be nowhere else for her to go
Jailed for defending democracy
Half of the country is asking: Where is the resistance?
lifestyle
A few interesting details about Kimberly Ford Chisholm, wife of the new Celtics owner
My friend doesn’t tell me important things about her life
It’s anonymous. Send your friendship or relationship question to Love Letters.
food & dining
At Smoot Standard, the espresso drinks and sandwiches measure up
The Greater Boston Food Bank hosts a star-studded fund-raiser; PopUp Bagels to open in Harvard Square
Superfoods for spring: Recipes with sweet potatoes, lentils, and salmon
travel
Vintage cars and vibrant culture: Inside a Cuba tour for US travelers
Passenger gets charged twice for airline tickets to Budapest
After setbacks, JetBlue chief executive is bullish on airline’s future in Boston
Arts
Inaugural $100,000 Meraki prize for women artists awarded to Sarah Sze
At Wellesley, getting it down on paper: Three new shows at the Davis Museum highlight the college’s holdings
Edvard Munch and the painting lost at sea, at Harvard Art Museums
Books
A few interesting details about Kimberly Ford Chisholm, wife of the new Celtics owner
Dust Bowl memories, and why we need to understand the past to create a healthy future
Nell Zink’s new novel is full of talk but ultimately doesn’t say much
Movies
Artists look back at R.I.’s secret mall apartment as documentary debuts
Heigh-ho, heigh-ho! Avoid ‘Snow White,’ don’t go!
‘The Alto Knights’: Two Robert De Niros are not better than one
Television
In Seth Rogen’s ‘The Studio,’ the celebs are in on the joke
Ellen Pompeo shines in a complex role in ‘Good American Family’
Should ‘Severance’ solve more of its mysteries?
music
At DEEP CUTT, Women’s History Month extends to the club
The BSO takes ‘Giant Steps’ with John Coltrane tribute by Terence Blanchard and Carlos Simon
Yes, the Dropkick Murphys got suspended from X. No, it’s not because of Elon Musk or Donald Trump criticism.
Theater/Dance
‘Don’t Eat the Mangos' is a kitchen sink drama with a magical realism twist
In ‘Night Side Songs,’ finding ways to talk about illness through song
‘Her Portmanteau’ grapples with the pains of separation and connection in family
Health
New Dana-Farber cancer hospital wins key state approval, despite Mass General Brigham concerns
A doctor you can text, call, and see within a day? Inside the growing model of ‘direct primary care.’
Mass. veterans worry about cuts to VA medical research
Obituaries
Jeffrey Bruce Klein, a founder and editor of Mother Jones, dies at 77
Norm Clarke, a Las Vegas celebrity columnist and former AP sports writer, dies at 82
K.W. Lee, 96, dies; journalist who gave a voice to immigrant communities