Home
Apps
DD-WRT
iCharades
Twist 'n' Slide
iSmoke2Much
Get in touch
@Venderbase
Dappological Ltd Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Dappological Ltd develops and publishes software for mobile devices.
‘Dappological’, ‘Daps-Apps’, ‘we’ or ‘us’ refers to Dappological Ltd in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you register with us through any of our products, services, content, and/or web sites provided by Dappological, together referred to as “Services.”  This Privacy Policy describes:
•	what information we collect, how we collect it, and why
•	how we use that information and with whom we share it
•	how you can access and update that information
•	the choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information
•	how we protect the information we store about you
If you do not want Dappological to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, then do not register with us.
2. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
If you register with us then we may collect:
•	your Name;
•	your Email Address;
•	your country;
•	the type of smartphone you use;
3. How We Use the Information We Collect
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide you with news of updates to either the software or devices; or to inform you of new products that we have developed.
4. How We Share Your Information
We may disclose or publish aggregated information (information about you and other users collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you, for example, users in a particular country using a particular smartphone) for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, and advertising, and other business purposes.
In addition, we may share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties (in other words, parties other than Dappological) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
With your consent, (which is assumed by you registering), we may share your information with third parties or allow them to collect your information from our Services in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
5. How to stop our use of Your Information
If you no longer want Dappological to make active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to admin@daps-apps.com  Place “Delete My Account” in the subject line and include your first name, last name, and e-mail address used when registering in the body of the e-mail. We will respond to your request within ten days to confirm that your details have been destroyed in our systems.
6. Security of Your Information
We implement appropriate security measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline, and we are committed to the protection of customer information. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
7. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will tell you by sending you a notice to the e-mail address we have on file for you prior to the change becoming effective.
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to admin@daps-apps.com All other inquiries should be directed by using the Contact Pages on the relevant product web sites.
Needed it... Wanted it... Made it APPen
Copyright © 2012-2018 Dappological Ltd.