Open menu
Open search
Search results in:
Search news, press releases, investor news...
|
Teledyne Technologies
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Teledyne we know that you care about how the Personal Information we
      receive about you is used and shared, and we take the protection of your
      Personal Information seriously.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Teledyne Technologies Incorporated
,
      1049 Camino Dos Rios, Thousand Oaks, CA 91360, USA who, along with other
      affiliates in the Teledyne Group of companies are data controllers
      (“Teledyne”, “we”, “us”, “our”), treats Personal Information (as defined
      below) that Teledyne collects and receives through your use of Teledyne
      websites (collectively the “
Teledyne Site
”) or through your
      requests relating to and orders for Teledyne products and services
      (including cloud services (“
Cloud Services
”)) provided by us online
      or offline in accordance with applicable data privacy laws (collectively
      “
Teledyne Products & Services
”). In addition to this Privacy
      Policy, specific notices may be made available to you when you register or
      log in for specific services activities, or when we require your consent.
      Such specific notices may also indicate the specific Teledyne affiliate
      which is the controller (or together with Teledyne, co-controller) of the
      Personal Information processing operations involved.
This Privacy Policy Only Applies to Teledyne
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of personal data by
      companies that Teledyne does not own or control, or by the staff of such
      companies that Teledyne does not employ or manage.
Children’s Privacy Policy
The Teledyne Site is not intended for use by minors or by children,
      including children under the age of thirteen. Teledyne does not knowingly
      collect Personal Information online from minors or children. If you think
      that Teledyne has collected Personal Information from your child, please
      contact us at
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
(or at the address provided below). Because Teledyne is committed to
      protecting children’s privacy online, use of the Teledyne Site by children
      under the age of thirteen is prohibited.
Collection and use of your Personal Information and purpose
“Personal Information” is information of an identified or identifiable
      natural person: an identifiable natural person is one who can be
      identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
      identifier such as your name, address, email address or phone number.
      Personal Information, sometimes referred to as "personal data”, and
      “sensitive” Personal Information, may also have specific meanings under
      different privacy laws.
The categories of personal information that Teledyne may collect from
      website users and customers are:
Personal identifiers, such as your name, postal address, email address,
        online identifier, internet protocol address, account name, passport
        number or other similar identifiers;
Customers records such as name, signature, financial information,
        telephone number;
Interaction Information, which includes information about your
        interactions with Teledyne such as information collected when you
        participate in promotions or programs or when you contact our customer
        service, visitor logs;
Commercial information, including products or services purchased,
        obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or
        tendencies;
Biometric information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including,
        but not limited to, information collected using cookies and similar
        technologies, browsing history and search history while using our
        digital offerings, and other information regarding your interactions
        with our digital offerings or our advertisements;
Geolocation data;
Audio, electronic, visual, and similar data relating to your
        interactions with us, such as call center recordings, video images, CCTV
        recordings, and photographs;
Education information;
Professional or employment related information, such as job title and
        business contact information;
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above to create a
        profile about you, such as a profile that reflects your preferences,
        characteristics, behavior, and attitudes;
Compliance data, which includes records maintained to demonstrate
        compliance with applicable laws; records related to consumer preferences
        (such as opt-ins and opt-outs of marketing programs and cookies) and
        records related to data subject rights requests.
Some of the Personal Information in these categories (alone or in
      combination with other information) may be considered as sensitive
      Personal Information in certain jurisdictions (designated as “special
      categories of data” in accordance with GDPR) and subject to additional
      restrictions (such as consent or explicit consent).
Teledyne collects Personal Information in a number of circumstances,
        either automatically or when you provide it to us
, including under the following circumstances and for the following
      purposes and depending on your relationship and interactions with
      Teledyne:
1.
About you as our contact person for our business partners, customers
          and end users, vendors and suppliers
, when we set up your company’s account enterprise resources planning
      system, and in the framework of our existing business relationship. This
      will necessarily involve the processing of the following data: contact
      information (full name, postal work address, work email address and
      telephone numbers), job title, payment information (bank account number,
      tax ID, and other related billing information and data necessary for
      processing payments and fraud prevention), data relating to purchase
      history.
We will use this information to:
allow Teledyne to execute the contract concluded with you:
to issue a quote, for order entry and to establish a contract;
to fulfill your purchase contract or making available a free demo,
        including making required shipping arrangements and provide related
        customer support;
to ensure timely supply of critical firmware updates (by email
        notification or otherwise);
to communicate about the Teledyne Products & Services you purchased, or
        to respond to your queries or requests (including relating to Teledyne
        Products & Services);
to send administrative information to you (such as information relating
        to the Teledyne Site and changes to our terms, conditions and policies),
pursue Teledyne’s legitimate interest to:
create and communicate content and offers most relevant to you, and to
        send relevant personalized marketing communications to you;
send offers and accessories related to your purchase, and newsletters
        relating to Teledyne’s Products & Services to you;
keep your technical skills required to operate our cameras up to date,
        by sending invitations to trainings, camera tutorials and online
        programs and reminders of certification renewal dates to you;
send reminders of the upcoming expiration date of your equipment’s
        calibration and commercial warranties.
2.
Non-Teledyne non-US Party Vetting and Screening
:
Prior to setting up your company’s account or entering into a
        transaction with your company, we will need to screen your company
        against prohibited parties’ lists, which may involve the processing of
        the following Personal Information relating to yourself, as a contact
        person of your employing entity: your name, title, address, email, and
        telephone number;
In case of an intended visit of a Teledyne facility, or receipt of
        export controlled technical information or defense services, on behalf
        of your employer, we will need to screen you against prohibited parties’
        lists, prior to allowing you any access to such Teledyne facility or
        technical information, which may involve the processing of the following
        Personal Information you have provided to us: full name, email address,
        telephone number, job title, current and past citizenship and current
        country of permanent residence, and/or information contained in ID
        cards, country of birth, and your photograph to issue a visitor badge;
Prior to onboarding your company as a new business partner, we may
        process the following Personal Information about you as owner, or key
        personnel of your company: your date of birth, ID card numbers, and
        information about relevant and significant litigation or other legal
        proceedings against business partners.
We process the data relating to your company and/or yourself, as non-US
        persons, for the purposes of:
complying with US and foreign export control and sanctions laws, which
        prevents Teledyne from engaging in any business activity with entities
        or individuals appearing on US and foreign Government issued lists of
        Denied and Restricted parties, or to transfer certain technical export
        controlled data to non-US parties without a proper license being in
        place;
carrying out an adequate due diligence of our business partners in
        compliance with applicable US and foreign anti-bribery laws.
3.
When you visit a Teledyne Site
: certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically
      through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address,
      computer type, screen resolution, operating system name and version,
      device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and
      version, the name and version of the Teledyne Site you are using, and the
      IP address of your PC or other device, records related to customer
      preferences (opt-ins and opt-out outs of marketing programs and cookies).
We will use this information to pursue our legitimate interest to make the
      Teledyne Site more easy for you to use, to improve and help develop the
      Teledyne Site and related IT systems, and to fulfill our business purpose,
      such as:
carrying out data analysis, identifying usage trends, analyze how
        visitors use and browse Teledyne Sites;
carrying out audits, fraud monitoring and prevention;
developing new products, enhancing improving our modifying our products,
        determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating
        and expanding our business activities.
Certain online information about you or device information when you visit
      our website or use or mobile apps may originate from the use of cookies
      and similar technologies that store or accesses information on your device
      (e.g. pixel tags, unique identifiers etc.); we use this information to
      deliver functionality on and improve efficiency of our websites, to
      improve your user experience by storing and using information on your
      website preferences and habits, and to show you personalized
      advertisements on the basis of your Web browsing and profile. For more
      information on cookies, please see section “Cookies” below.
4.
Online Registration for use of Teledyne Products & Services:
When you are an existing customer (with an existing account) you are
      eligible, on certain Teledyne Sites, to obtain a Single Sign-On (SSO)
      account which will enable you to access various Teledyne Products &
      Services online via our secured platform (“Portal”). For this you must
      first complete a registration procedure which requires you to provide
      certain Personal Information, such as your name, email address, job title,
      telephone number, username and password, as well as account details, such
      as information on the Teledyne customer on whose behalf you register the
      account. When you provide this information, we keep it on file with any
      information you have already volunteered to us on previous visits to the
      Teledyne Site.
We process this information to allow you to:
create and manage your online account profile;
manage your marketing communication preferences; and
to allow you to use certain features of the Teledyne Site or to use or
        purchase various Teledyne Products & Services online (as the case by
        providing additional information):
When you buy and install a new product, we will invite you to register
        your purchase electronically. At this occasion we will ask you to
        provide your name, email, telephone number, postal address. Providing
        this information is voluntary. We process such information to allow you
        to benefit from an extended product warranty and for the purposes listed
        in section “
Collection and use of Your Personal Information and purpose
”;.
Cloud Services: when you are uploading, accessing or downloading your
        content, or accessing Teledyne provided output data, we will process the
        following Personal Information: information the images you upload are
        tagged with (e.g. your location), Personal Information you include in
        the content you upload (e.g. annotations and comments), data related to
        the use of the service (e.g. time stamps).
5.
Customer Support
: When you contact us via our Portal to obtain support, including
      warranty and out of warranty repair, we may process the following
      information: your name, postal address, email address, telephone number,
      mobile number, product purchased and location, username and password.
6.
Product purchases via Teledyne's Webshops:
certain
      Products can be purchased via our webshops within all the markets where
      Teledyne offers the opportunity for you to make an online purchase. When
      you surf on the Teledyne Site, and place a product in your shopping cart,
      we collect the Personal Information related to your purchase (products you
      purchase or place in your shopping cart) and as described above (“
Use of Teledyne Site
”).
If Teledyne is using third party-powered stores, such third parties
      process Personal Information on behalf of Teledyne.
Certain Webshop providers are acting as controller of your Personal
      Information processed in relation to your purchase. You can find
      information on how such Webshop provider processes your Personal
      Information when you purchase and pay for a Teledyne product from/to them
      in their own privacy notice. When you have purchased a Teledyne product
      via our Webshop we collect the following information from our Webshop
      provider: your name, email address, IP address, billing address, shipping
      address, phone number, products purchased. We process that Personal
      Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice in the
      section “
Collection and use of Your Personal Information and purpose
”.
7.
Payment via credit card
: For any other Products that can be purchased online from Teledyne, if
      you decide to pay by credit card, upon clicking “submit and pay” you will
      be directed to our Credit Card Payment Provider's platform where you will
      need to (depending on the type of Payment Provider):
either enter your card details directly, and upon card authorization our
        Provider will only pass on to Teledyne the following Personal
        Information required for order creation by Teledyne: cardholder name and
        address, last 4 digits of card, expiry date;
or provide the following data (name, email and postal address, billing
        and other payment data) to Teledyne who will then forward these data to
        our Payment Provider. Such Payment Provider will act as controller when
        authorizing your credit card payments, and as a processor when allowing
        Teledyne to use Payment Provider’s tool to perform aggregation and/or
        analysis of data (which may include the Personal Information listed
        above) submitted to it by Teledyne.
8.
Community Forums and Chats
: You may submit Personal Information to Teledyne by using the Community
      Forum feature of the Teledyne Site or when you engage in a chat with us.
      In this case, we collect the Personal Information you volunteer to us via
      the Community Forum or via the live Chat (usually name, email address,
      phone number). We keep chat transcript data from chat sessions which will
      be deleted 90 days after the chat has concluded. Chats offer the
      possibility to engage in a live chat with Teledyne’s customer
      representatives for the purposes of facilitating instant exchange of
      information and responses in the following areas: technical support,
      pre-sales enquiries, post-sale support, InfraRed Training Center (ITC)
      inquiries, help with ecommerce carts, to better your shopping experience).
      Some live Chats may involve the use of cookies (in which case the sections
      of this Privacy Policy applicable to Cookies are applicable).
9.
Promotional Games & Contests, Surveys, Trials :
Teledyne
      may, from time to time, collect other information from you when you
      voluntarily provide it (for instance, when we make special offers, hold
      promotions, conduct surveys, or allow you to sign up for an event or
      contest or a webinar, when you volunteer to test a product or app, or when
      you download content). Personal Information collected by Teledyne is often
      limited to name, e-mail address, language, country or location, phone
      number but may include other information depending on the individual
      service you are requesting. If other information is requested, additional
      information will be provided to you in specific information notices. We
      collect this information to allow you to participate in sweepstakes,
      contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities (to
      contact you, divulge your name as the winner and ship the prize to you if
      you win). These activities have additional rules, which could contain
      additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal
      Information. This information will be provided to you along with the
      sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions.
10.
Visitor Registration and CCTV
: When you visit a Teledyne facility (regardless of the need to screen
      you as a non-Teledyne party), surveillance cameras may be operated to
      monitor the facility’s outside perimeter and reception area, and we will
      ask you to check in and check out, by providing the following information
      to us: full name, name of your employer, visited Teledyne staff, data of
      arrival and departure, photograph to issue a visitor badge.
We process this information in order to ensure your safety and allow us to
      locate you in case of incidents, and to ensure security of Teledyne assets
      and facilities.
11.
Trade shows or other business encounters
: When you interact with us at trade shows or on other occasions, we may
      process the following Personal Information you provided to us: your name,
      postal address, email address, telephone number, mobile number, job title.
12.
Classroom Training:
When you interact with us to register for and/or attend a classroom
      training, we will collect the following Personal Information: your name,
      email address and telephone or mobile number, your employer’s company
      address, contact name, email address and phone number (and invoicing
      address and contact name if different).
When you register for certification courses, we will collect the following
      Personal Information: your photograph, exam answer sheet, identification
      sheet signed off by yourself and instructor, student registration card;
      When you register for certification courses involving external bodies, we
      will collect the following Personal Information:
your age and date of birth, written confirmation by yourself and by your
      employer that you passed a positive vision test.
We may in addition collect the training evaluation form (if you have
      chosen to mention your email address and name on the form).
We process this information in order to:
Fulfill a contract with your employer for the provision of the purchased
        training and/or administration of the related certification procedure
        (including logistical arrangements, issuance of diplomas, and for
        certification courses: verify your identity and establishing proof of
        attendance, issuance of certification card with your photograph, exam
        results and identification data)
Pursue our legitimate interest to invite you to surveys, to improve our
        trainings and to keep your technical skills and certification up to
        date;
1.
Personal Information obtained from third-party sources
, such as providers of publicly available information or service
      providers performing services on our behalf. We may purchase lists of
      relevant customers which include Personal Information (individuals’
      contact details) collected by data brokers in accordance with applicable
      data protection laws. We use this information to invite representatives of
      your company to webinars and conferences, and to send you marketing
      communications, in accordance with the principles set forth in this
      Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws (including for individuals
      located in the EEA, the provision of information about the processing and
      source of the Personal Information at the latest at the time of the first
      communication or within one month of obtaining the information, unless an
      exemption applies).
2.
Other
. We may also collect all of the above Personal Information for the
      following purposes as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under
      applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to
      comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and
      government authorities, including public and government authorities
      outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and
      conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our
      affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or
      that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue
      available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Legal Basis for Our Processing of Personal Information (GDPR)
Unless expressly stated otherwise, when we collect Personal Information
      from you, the legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information
      is:
Art. 6 para 1 b) GDPR, if we process the Personal Information to
        establish and fulfil a contract with you or with your employer;
Art. 6 para 1 f) GDPR, if we process the Personal Information to enable
        our business and pursue our legitimate interests e.g., having regard to
        our existing relationship, to send you marketing communications, to
        answer your questions about products of interest to you, to transfer
        data within Teledyne affiliates for internal administration purposes, to
        ensure network security, to prevent fraud, to ensure your safety when
        you visit a Teledyne facility, in regard to product safety issues, to
        comply with applicable foreign laws (such as US Export Control and
        Sanctions Laws, anti-bribery laws), to ensure the protection of our
        legal rights, and making available the Teledyne Site to you;
Art. 6 para 1 a) GDPR, if we need to request your consent for the
        processing of Personal Information (e.g. for the use of non-essential
        cookies by Teledyne websites), and to collect Personal Information from
        third parties, if you have requested information from us through a third
        party or vendor;
Art. 6 para 1 c) GDPR, if we process the data to comply with legal
        obligations stemming from EU Member States and EU Union laws we are
        subject to.
Legal basis (other territories)
We will only Process Personal Information if and when allowed in
      accordance with applicable privacy laws. For processing of Personal
      Information which is subject to Canadian privacy laws, Teledyne will
      always request your (implied or explicit) consent (save applicable
      exceptions).
Security of Personal Information
We recognize how important your Personal Information is to you, and
      Teledyne strictly protects the security of your Personal Information and
      honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect the
      confidentiality and security of Personal Information and your data from
      loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or
      destruction.
Teledyne takes precautions to protect our users’ information both online
      and offline:
Inside Teledyne, data is stored in password-controlled servers with
        limited access;
We utilize computer safeguards, such as firewalls and data encryption,
        and we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, to
        keep this Personal Information safe. We only authorize access to those
        Teledyne employees who need to access your Personal Information in order
        to carry out their job responsibilities;
We protect the security of your Personal Information while it is being
        transmitted, by encrypting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL);
We enforce physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection
        with the collection, storage and disclosure of Personal Information. We
        may occasionally ask for proof of identity before we share your Personal
        Information with you; and
We will reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when
        confirming an order.
You also have a significant role in protecting your information. Except as
      described in this Privacy Policy, no one can see or edit your Personal
      Information without knowing your login and password, so do not share these
      with others.
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative
      measures to protect Personal Information within our organization.
      Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to
      be 100% secure. So, whilst we will do our best to protect your Personal
      Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to
      the Teledyne Site. Any transmission is at your own risk. If you have
      reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for
      example, if you feel that the security of your account has been
      compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact
      Us” section below.
Personal Information Sharing
Teledyne does not rent or share your Personal Information unnecessarily,
      or without a clearly defined purpose, and not without ensuring all the
      necessary protections are in place, to ensure Teledyne meets all its legal
      obligations around the storage, transmission and processing of Personal
      Information, as set out by all relevant legislation within the markets
      that Teledyne operates. When we share your Personal Information, we do not
      allow any third-party partners to use it for their own marketing purposes.
      When we do share your Personal Information, it will only be shared with
      third-party recipients who will protect your Personal Information as
      closely as Teledyne does (including by contractually committing recipients
      to implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures in
      accordance with applicable law).
Affiliates
: We may share your Personal Information with relevant
        Affiliates of Teledyne so that they may assist you locally with the sale
        of one of our products, service, support, training, or other tasks that
        need local representation, or if sharing the data is necessary to making
        available the Teledyne Site or Teledyne Cloud Services to you. We are a
        global enterprise comprised of a group of companies operating
        internationally. Some business functions handling Personal Information
        to achieve the purposes defined in this Privacy Policy are managed
        centrally or only by some Affiliates.
Teledyne’s internal access permissions are strictly controlled, and
        Teledyne also does not allow access to your Personal Information by
        Teledyne employees unless the employee requires access to fulfil their
        role and responsibilities. All companies in the Teledyne group are
        bound, as required by law, to ensure that Personal Information is
        protected consistent with EU standards as explained in section 7
        “Transfer of personal data” below.
Service Providers
: We may also share your Personal Information
        with trusted third parties who work on behalf and upon the instructions
        of Teledyne under data processing and confidentiality agreements,
        including providers of website hosting and cloud storage, maintenance
        and call-centre services, chat cloud service, packaging, mailing and
        delivery services, training and training venue services, credit card
        processing services, providers who answer customer questions about
        products or services, send postal mail, process event registrations and
        provide other administrative services, data brokers and cookie and
        analytics providers. These third parties process the Personal
        Information on behalf of Teledyne for the purposes above (and as
        specifically agreed) and may use your Personal Information to help
        Teledyne communicate with you and for other reasons. However, these
        third parties do not have any independent right to process or share your
        Personal Information and we only share the Personal Information that
        enables our service providers to fulfil the specially agreed services.
Partners of Teledyne
which are either acting both as a processor
        and controller (for at least part of the processing operations
        involved), or as controller, such as certain payment processors and
        certain Webshop operators, as specifically agreed and in accordance with
        Teledyne's and the partner's own Privacy policy.
Sharing Personal Information with other organizations:
We may
        share Personal Information with other organizations, under the following
        circumstances:
Teledyne may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by
        law, including laws outside your country of residence, or in the good
        faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts
        of the law or comply with legal process served on Teledyne; (b) protect
        and defend the rights, property, privacy or safety of Teledyne, our
        affiliates, you or others; or (c) allow us to pursue available remedies
        or limit the damages that we may sustain; or otherwise in response to
        law enforcement requests (including requests from authorities outside
        your country of residence);
In the event that Teledyne is acquired by or merged into another
        company, or if Teledyne undergoes any reorganization, joint venture,
        assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of its
        business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy
        or similar proceedings), all information collected will be transferred
        to the acquiring company as one of Teledyne's assets and will be
        governed by the acquiring company's privacy policy, if any.
You may submit Personal Information through the Community Forum feature of
      the Teledyne Site. Any information that you post or disclose through this
      feature may be available to other users and the general public. We urge
      you to be very careful when deciding to disclose information through the
      Community Forum feature.
For more information regarding these third parties, please contact us via
      the email address provided in the section “
Contact Us
” below.
Transferring your Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be transferred to other countries for
      processing, storage, administration or any other use stated in this
      Privacy Policy. The purposes and processing associated with any such
      transfer will comply with all applicable data protection regulations.
Where information is transferred from the European Economic Area (EEA)
      outside the EEA, and where this is to a Teledyne affiliate or vendor in a
      country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission,
      data is adequately protected by EU Commission approved standard
      contractual clauses, an appropriate Privacy Shield certification or a
      vendor's Processor Binding Corporate Rules. For further information on
      and/or a copy of the aforementioned safeguards, please contact us directly
      with your questions and concerns at
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us Personal Information, Teledyne
      will not share that information with third parties without your
      permission, other than as stated in this Privacy Policy.
When we offer the possibility to create your online user profile, we
      provide you with the means to ensure that your Personal Information you
      entered when you created the account is correct and current. You may
      delete, review and update the Personal Information you have provided to us
      at any time, by logging into your personal Teledyne account, which also
      allows you to change your marketing preferences. Erasure of your user
      profile will however not entail erasure of all your other Personal
      Information we may retain in all our IT systems, and for which you can
      avail yourself of the rights under “Your rights”.
Your Rights
You are entitled to ask Teledyne to obtain access to your Personal
      Information and for a copy of your information, to correct it if it is
      inaccurate and under certain conditions, to erase it or restrict its
      processing, or to ask us to transfer some of this information to other
      organizations. You may also have the right to object to some processing
      activities such as direct marketing communications or when we otherwise
      rely on our legitimate interest as a legal basis to process your Personal
      Information, and, where we have asked for your consent to process your
      data, to withdraw this consent (all requests as per this section are
      jointly referred to as “Individual Rights Requests”).
With regard to the marketing communications that we send to you by email
      you may also follow the clear unsubscribe instructions, which the email
      marketing communication will display.
These rights may be limited in some situations – for example, where we can
      demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your data. In some
      instances, this may mean that we are able to retain data even if you
      withdraw your consent.
There is no charge for exercising these Individual Rights Requests. If you
      wish to submit such request, then please direct it to the below address
      (see “
Contact us
”):
We may require proof of identification before fulfilling Individual Rights
      Request, so please provide clear and easy means on communicating with you
      so that, if it becomes necessary, your identification can be confirmed
      quickly and easily, and so Teledyne can meet its obligations in terms of
      the duration Teledyne has to respond to any Individual Rights Request you
      make.
Where we require Personal Information to comply with legal or contractual
      obligations, then provision of such data is mandatory: if such data is not
      provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship,
      or to meet obligations placed on us. In all other cases, provision of
      requested Personal Information is optional.
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process
      your data. If you have any concerns about how we process your data, or
      would like to opt out of marketing, you can get in touch with Teledyne at
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
;
If you have forwarded Personal Information to one of our partners
      identifying and acting as controllers in accordance with the privacy
      policy of such partners, you should forward your request directly to them.
In the event you have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to
      complain to a data protection authority. The relevant data protection
      authority will be the data protection authority of the country that you
      reside in.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies on the Teledyne Site and in our
      apps for the purposes specified in section “Collection and use of your
      Personal Information and purpose” above. Cookies are small text files sent
      by a web server to your web browser and saved locally on your computer.
      The cookie allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each
      page. Cookies do not cause any harm to your computer and do not contain
      viruses. You will find more detailed information about how we use these
      technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on
      our website, and an explanation of how, depending on your location, you
      can consent to or opt out of certain types of cookies via our Cookie
      Notice displayed on our websites.
Social Media Buttons
On the Teledyne Site we use the following social media plug-ins: Facebook,
      Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube. The plug-ins can be identified by
      the social media buttons marked with the logo of the provider of the
      respective social media networks.
When you surf on one of the Teledyne Site containing such plugin, your
      browser loads the plug-ins and social media buttons directly from the
      respective social media network and integrates them into the site. Through
      this process the respective social media network will receive the
      information that your browser has loaded one of our sites, even if you do
      not have a profile at the respective social network or are not currently
      logged into your profile. This information (including your IP address) is
      transmitted directly from your browser to a server, which may be located
      outside the European Economic Area and stored there.
If you are logged into your profile, the respective social network can
      immediately associate your visit to the Teledyne Site with your profile.
      The social media network will receive further information, if you interact
      with the plug-ins we have integrated into our site (e.g. click on one of
      the buttons). You can prevent such association by logging out of your
      account before visiting the Teledyne Site or by using one of the available
      blockers available as add-ons for your browser.
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing
      by social sites can be found in the respective data protection policies of
      these providers, where you will also find further information on your
      rights and options for privacy protection.
Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California
        94103, USA:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California
        94043, USA:
http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
YouTube YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066 USA:
https://www.youtube.com/static?template=privacy_guidelines
Google Analytics
The Teledyne Site uses Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service
      provided by the third-party provider Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google
      Analytics is used for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Teledyne
      Site, compiling reports on the Teledyne Site activity and other services
      relating to the Teledyne Site activity and internet usage. The information
      generated by the cookie about your use of the Teledyne Site is usually
      transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. This
      transfer is covered by a separate data processing agreement (including
      applicable transfer clauses) that we have concluded with Google. For more
      information on Google Analytics and data privacy please consult Google’s
      website.
How Long we Store your Personal Information
We will only keep your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to
      fulfil the purpose it was initially collected for, unless we are obliged,
      in accordance with statutory law to retain your Personal Information for a
      specific minimum retention period. The length of time we store and utilize
      your Personal Information will therefore vary, depending on the reasons of
      your initial and recurring contact with us. Specific retention periods may
      be detailed in specific privacy notices relative to the activities
      concerned and you may request information on the applicable retention
      period from us at any time at
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
or at the address provided below). After the expiration of the relevant
      retention period, we may retain your data for an appropriate period (but
      not exceeding the applicable statute of limitation under national laws) to
      protect ourselves from legal claims, or to administer our business. We
      will delete your Personal Information, when you request to erase it or
      withdraw your consent and there is no other legal ground for further
      processing (e.g. a statutory obligation to retain your Personal
      Information), or when you object to the processing in accordance with
      “Your rights” (see above) or when we are obliged to delete it in
      accordance with an obligation under applicable law.
Supplementary notice for Californian residents.
This section applies to our processing of Personal Information as a
      business under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended.
For information that Teledyne collects subject to the CCPA, this Policy
      describes the categories of Personal Information that we may have
      collected or disclosed for business purposes in the past 12 months, the
      sources of the Personal Information and the business or commercial
      purposes for which we use or disclose this information (see section: “
Collection and use of your Personal Information and purposes
”), and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the
      information for business purposes (see section “
Personal Information sharing
”).
In addition to the categories listed in section “
Collection and use of your Personal Information and purposes
”, Teledyne may collect information in the category Characteristics of
      protected classifications under California or federal law such as race,
      ancestry, national origin, religion, age, mental and physical disability,
      sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, medical condition, genetic
      information, marital status, or military status.
You have the right to access Personal Information, the right to correct
      inaccurate Personal Information, and delete Personal Information as
      further described in section “
Your rights
”.
The CCPA also gives Californian residents the right to opt-out of having
      their Personal Information sold or shared (for business purposes as
      defined by the CPRA), and to limit use and disclosure of sensitive
      personal information as understood under the CPPA (for example, your
      social security number, your precise geolocation data) for limited
      purposes such as providing you with the services you requested.
We DO NOT sell your personal information for payment or for any other
      compensation nor do we share your Personal Information for business
      purposes as defined by the CPRA. Neither do we do so for personal data of
      minors under 16 years of age.
Teledyne is only processing any sensitive information subject to CCPA for
      the permitted purposes under the CCPA for which you do not have a right to
      limit.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for any
      exercise of your privacy rights.
If you wish to submit a CPRA request, you may initiate your request
      through teledynedsr.ethicspoint.com or by calling toll-free telephone
      number 844-235-1955. You should generally expect to receive a response
      within 45 days of the date we receive your request. However, in some
      instances, we may require an additional 45 days to process your request in
      which case we will notify you and explain why the extension is necessary.
      We will need to verify your identity before we can process your request.
      Through the request process, we will make you aware of any information
      that you will need to provide to us to process your request.
Notification of Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Notice may, from time to time, change. Such amendments might become
      necessary due to the need to keep the Notice up to date, given changes in
      Teledyne business practice or in response to legislative changes, and
      whether they are international or national changes, and may be made
      without prior notice. When we change this Privacy Policy, we will also
      revise the Privacy Policy Version Date at the top of the Privacy Policy.
      Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy
      on the Teledyne Sites.
Contact Us
For any questions or concerns relating to this Notice, or our data
      protection practices, or to make an Individual Rights Request, please
      contact us at:
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
, or:
Teledyne Legal Department
Teledyne Technologies Incorporated
1049 Camino Dos Rios
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360, USA
Those members of the Teledyne group established outside the EEA have
      appointed Teledyne Dalsa B.V as their EU Representative pursuant to
      Article 27 GDPR. Teledyne Dalsa B.V. can be contacted at
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
Those members of the Teledyne group established outside the UK have
      appointed Teledyne UK Limited as their UK Representative pursuant to the
      UK Data Protection Act. Teledyne UK Limited can be contacted at
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
Global Data Privacy contact
Nick Wargent, General Counsel, Europe & Digital Imaging, EMEA & APAC
DataPrivacy@Teledyne.com
Teledyne UK Limited (registered in England & Wales, company number 432014)
Registered office: 106 Waterhouse Lane
Chelmsford, Essex, England, CM1 2QU​