AGREEMENTS
Terms of use
Updated: 25 January 2021
These terms of use (the “
Terms of Use
“) apply to your access to and use of Reason’s services, website
				and other offers (the “
Services
“). Please read these Terms of Use carefully before ac-cessing or
				using the Services. By accessing and using the Services you accept (without modifica-tion) these Terms of
				Use.
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1
The contractual relationship between you as a user (“
you
” or the
				“
User
“) and Reason Studios Aktiebolag (“
Reason
“, “
we
“, “
us
“, “
our
“) in
				relation to your access to or use of the Services is governed by these Terms of Use.
1.2
By accessing and/or using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms
				of Use. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use (or any future version of these Terms of Use),
				please do not access and use the Services.
2. USE OF THE SERVICES
2.1
You can find descriptions of our different Services by visiting our website.
				In order to access and use a Service, you may need a user account. The user account is set up by you by
				completing the necessary registration. You understand that, in addition to these Terms of Use, other terms
				and conditions may apply to specific Services. In order to use such Services you will be required to accept
				such terms and conditions in order to use such Services.
2.2
Subject to section 2.5 below, you understand that if you breach these Terms
				of Use or any other terms and conditions that may apply dependent on which of the Services you are using, we
				reserve the right to deny access to the Services.
2.3
When you access or use the Services you represent and warrant that you will
				not:
(a) breach or circumvent (or encourage anything that would breach or circumvent) any laws, rules,
				regulations or third-party rights;
(b) gain access (or attempt to gain access) to any area where you do not have a right or permission to
				access;
(c) distribute viruses, malicious software, use any worms, Trojan horses, cancelbots, spyware, corrupted
				files, time bombs, robots, scrapers, spiders or any other au-tomatic means to access, damage, disrupt or
				interfere with the Services for any reason;
(d) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreason-able or
				disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
(e) frame, mirror or otherwise incorporate any part of the Services into any other website, software or
				service;
(f) bypass, circumvent or interfere with any technical measures used by us to pro-vide the Services;
(g) impersonate another person or use someone else’s user account; or
(h) share your login credentials, such as your password, with anyone but yourself.
2.4
When you through our Services access or use an online message board, forum,
				comment section or similar feature you further represent and warrant that you will not write or oth-erwise
				make available illegal, defamatory, discriminatory, harassing or otherwise inap-propriate content.
2.5
If you (in our view) act in breach of these Terms of Use, abuse the Services
				or breach any other terms and conditions related to any of our Services, Reason reserves the right to (i)
				limit, suspend or deny your access to the Services; (ii) take technical and/or legal steps to prevent
				further use of the Services; and (iii) terminate your user account.
3. OWNERSHIP
3.1
Any and all content in the Services, including text, graphics, logos, icons,
				pictures, sound files, digital downloads, object code, source code and/or other thereto related material are
				owned or licensed by Reason.
3.2
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed as a transfer of any of
				Reason’s materi-al, intellectual property rights or any other rights to the User.
4. PERSONAL DATA
For information regarding our processing of your personal data when accessing and using the Services, please
				see our Privacy Policy.
5. LIABILITY, NON-WARRANTY AND INDEMNIFICATION
5.1
We endeavor to keep the Services available at all times and to correct
				errors and defects without unnecessary delay. However, Reason neither represents nor warrants that the
				Services will be continuous, uninterrupted or error-free or that any defects will be cor-rected. The
				Services is provided by Reason on an “as-is” and “as available” basis.
5.2
You acknowledge and accept that the Services may become unavailable due to
				planned or unplanned service, maintenance and/or updates.
5.3
The Services may provide links or references to other websites not owned or
				controlled by Reason. Such links are only provided for informational purposes, and Reason has no control or
				liability for the content of such websites or resources.
6. TERMINATION
These Terms of Use remain in effect for as long as you use the Services or have an active user account. If
				you stop using the Services or delete your user account, these Terms of Use will no longer apply between
				Reason and you. Subject to section
2.5
or if Reason ceases to provide the
				Services, Reason has the right to terminate your use of or access to the Services at any time, with or
				without cause, and without notice (although Reason will always strive to provide you with notice).
7. CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE ETC.
7.1
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. Any changes
				to these Terms of Use will be notified to You when you access our Services. By accessing and using the
				Services following any such change notification you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the updated version
				of these Terms of Use.
8. MISCELLANEOUS
8.1
Severability
. If at any time any provision of these Terms of Use is
				or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the validity, legality and enforceability
				of the remainder of these Terms of Use shall not be affected. In the event any provision is held in any
				proceeding to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the deficient provision shall be replaced with a new
				provision permitted by applicable law and having an effect as close as possible to the deficient provision.
8.2
Governing law and disputes
. These Terms of Use are governed by
				Swedish law, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any dispute arising out of your
				use of the Service shall be settled by the courts of Sweden.
9. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions regarding the Services or these Terms of Use, please contact us at:
Reason Studios Aktiebolag
				Hornsbruksgatan 23
				SE-117 34 Stockholm
				Sweden
Terms of purchase
Updated: 2021-01-25
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1
These terms and conditions ( the “
Terms
“) shall apply between you and
				Reason Studios Aktiebolag, Hornsbruksgatan 23, SE-117 34 Stockholm Sweden, with registration number
				556546-2206, VAT number SE556546220601, (“
Reason Studios
“) for your purchase of Products (as defined
				below) on Reason Studio’s webshop https://www.reasonstudios.com/ (the “
Webshop
“). Please read these
				Terms carefully before ordering any Products via the Webshop. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may
				not order any Products from the Webshop.
“
Product
” means any products on the Webshop with the exclusion of the Reason + subscription.
1.2
In order to purchase Products from the Webshop you must be at least 16 years
				old or older (or have your parent or guardian’s consent) and have a computer with an Internet connection.
1.3
Reason Studios only market and sell Products to consumers for purposes not
				related to activities carried out by such individuals for business, entrepreneurial or professional
				purposes.
1.4
We reserve the right to reject any order placed by anyone else than
				consumers and orders that are not consistent with our business policies and these Terms.
1.5
You acknowledge and agree that product images and product descriptions
				provided on the Webshop are provided for information purposes only, and that such images and product
				descriptions may not be representative of all of the specifications of each product.
1.6
Any agreement concluded between Reason Studios and you shall be deemed
				binding upon our acceptance of your order (including partial acceptance of such an order). If we do not
				accept an order, we will notify you without delay.
1.7
By ordering any Products via the Webshop, you hereby confirm that you fully
				understand, agree and comply with these Terms and that you have understood all of the information given
				during the purchase procedure.
2. USER ACCOUNT AND ORDERING OF PRODUCTS
2.1
We sell the Products displayed on the Webshop at the time when each order is
				submitted.
2.2
To purchase Products you will be required to create a user account on the
				Webshop by registering certain personal data (including but not limited to name, email address, etc.) and
				choose a personal password (“
User Account
“). In order to create a User Account, you must also accept
				our Terms of Use and have read our Privacy Policy.
2.3
You are responsible for submitting complete, true and correct information
				and for making sure such information is kept up to date. Reason Studios does not have any obligation to make
				any inquiries to assess the accuracy of the information provided. Username and password shall be stored
				securely. If your username or password is lost or stolen or if you have any reason to believe that there has
				been an unauthorized access to your User Account, please notify Reason Studios immediately and change your
				password as soon as possible.
2.4
Products can be purchased by completing the checkout process. Once the
				checkout process is completed, we will confirm that an order has been properly received by sending an email
				message to the address provided by you (“
Order Confirmation
“). The Order Confirmation will contain a
				specification of the Products ordered, the main characteristics of the Products, detailed information
				concerning the price, terms of payment and a PDF-copy of the applicable version of these Terms.
2.5
If you notice any incorrect data in the Order Confirmation, you must notify
				us without undue delay.
2.6
We will not process incomplete or incorrect orders or orders concerning
				Products that are no longer available. If we do not process an order, we will notify you by email and
				specify the reasons thereto. If the order has been placed and payment has been made for Products that are no
				longer available, we will refund the amount paid for the ordered Products without undue delay.
2.7
By logging on to your User Account you can access the Products you have
				purchased. You may also download the Product to your computer. The number of devices that you can use your
				User Account on are shown when you register your User Account.
3. PRICE AND PAYMENT
3.1
All prices stated on the Webshop are inclusive of VAT and other applicable
				sales taxes.
3.2
Payment of ordered Products can be made by using one of the payment methods
				offered from time to time on the Webshop.
3.3
Please be advised that the payment methods offered on the Webshop are
				provided by third party payment service providers and that the use of such third party payment services are
				subject to such payment service providers terms of use. Please ensure that you understand and agree to all
				applicable terms and conditions for use of the selected payment service prior to using such third party
				payment services.
4. NO RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
You expressly accept and approve that you have immediate access to the Product, which means that you do not
				have any right of withdrawal by virtue of the Product being delivered immediately to you.
5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
5.1
The Products are the sole property of Reason Studios or Reason Studios’
				licensors or suppliers (the “
Intellectual Property
“). The Intellectual Property is, or may be,
				protected by applicable international laws, including, without limitation, copyright and other laws and
				agreements that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to comply with all such
				applicable laws and agreements, and not to alter, obscure or remove the notices regarding copyright or
				ownership rights in such Intellectual Property.
5.2
The Products are licensed, and not sold, to you. By purchasing a Product you
				are given a personal, non-exclusive right to use such software. Reason Studios has the right to assign this
				license or any part thereof to any third party without restrictions.
5.3
Any third-party intellectual property included in the Services is licensed
				to you either under contract or in accordance with the respective third-party license for such software. The
				terms of use for such third-party software (if any) are published on the Webshop.
6. DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS
6.1
Your order of Products is subject to mandatory consumer protection
				legislation. As such, you may (depending on the circumstances) have the right to return defective Products
				and request that such Products are repaired, replaced or refunded. You may also have right to terminate the
				purchase agreement, claim a price reduction and claim compensation for damages.
6.2
Please note that you must notify us of any defect within a reasonable time
				from noticing the defect, but no later than three (3) years from the date upon which you received the
				product. We recommend that you notify us of defects as soon as possible and at least within two (2) months
				from the date upon which you noticed the defect.
6.3
To enable our investigation of the defect, we may request a description of
				the defect and how the defect occurred. You may also be requested to provide visual evidence in the form of
				images or videos to clearly show the defect.
7. PERSONAL DATA
7.1
By registering your personal data upon registration of your User Account and
				ordering the Products, you understand that Reason Studios will process personal data about you. Information
				about such processing of personal data can be found in Reason Studios’ Privacy Policy.
8. AMENDMENTS
8.1
These Terms may be amended from time to time due to new laws and regulations
				or other reasons. Any new Terms shall be effective as of the date of publication on the Webshop.
8.2
For the avoidance of doubt, amendments will not affect orders confirmed by
				us prior to the effective date of new or amended terms and conditions.
8.3
Please note that we do not undertake to archive historic versions of these
				Terms. As such, we recommend that you store and print a copy of these Terms at the time of each order via
				the Webshop.
9. AVAILABILITY AND SUSPENSION OF USER ACCOUNT
9.1
The Products purchased by you are usually available to you on your User
				Account round the clock, all days a week. However, Reason Studios cannot guarantee that the use of the
				Products on your User Account will be uninterrupted or error free. The Products may from time to time be
				completely or partially unavailable upon carrying out necessary backup copying, maintenance, improvements,
				security updates or the like. Reason Studios will, to the extent possible, inform you of any planned
				interruptions.
9.2
Reason Studios has the right to suspend your access to your User Account for
				your breach of these Terms, the Terms of Use or any applicable law, regulation or other statute.
10. NO WARRANTY
10.1
Reason Studios endeavors to provide the best service possible, however, you
				agree that the Products are provided to you on an “as-is” and “as available” basis with no warranty (whether
				express or implied) of the merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of
				third-party rights. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Reason Studios does not provide any
				warranties against viruses, spyware or malware that may be installed on your computer or other device.
				Neither Reason Studios nor our licensors or suppliers can guarantee that the Products will meet your
				requirements and expectations or that the Products will be available without interruption, or be fast,
				secure or error free.
10.2
You are solely responsible for your Internet connection. Reason Studios is
				not at any time responsible for you not being able to access the Services by virtue of issues with your
				Internet connection.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
11.1
To the extent permitted under applicable laws, Reason Studios shall not be
				liable for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or
				otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
a) use of, or inability to use the Services; or
b) use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Webshop.
11.2
Moreover, Reason Studios shall not be held liable for:
a) indirect or consequential loss or damage;
b) loss of profits;
c) business interruption;
d) loss of anticipated savings;
e) loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
f) loss due to downtime, loss of data and similar losses.
11.3
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits Reason Studios’ liability for
				death or personal injury arising from its negligence or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or any other
				liability that cannot be excluded or limited under mandatory law.
11.4
Reason Studios’ total aggregate liability for claims arising from your use
				of the Product is limited to the price of the Product which has given rise to the claim.
12. TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT
Reason Studios is entitled to transfer or assign all or parts of its rights and obligations under these
				Terms.
13. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES
13.1
Unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the
				European Union or any other jurisdiction, these Terms of Service are governed by and construed in accordance
				with the laws of Sweden.
13.2
Furthermore, you and Reason Studios agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of
				the courts of Sweden to resolve any dispute, claim or controversy that arises in connection with these
				Terms. In case of any dispute with Reason Studios, you may bring your matter to the Swedish National Board
				for Consumer Disputes (ARN), provided that your matter fulfils ARN’s requirements for their cases (e.g.
				concerning time and value limits). You have the right to bring your claim to a public court as well. The
				aforementioned venues (ARN and public courts) are only additional options. All other venues under the
				applicable mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction remain
				unaffected.
13.3
If you are a citizen within the European Union, you may also use the
				European Commission’s online platform for dispute resolution. This online platform allows you, as consumer,
				to resolve disputes in connection to online orders without going to court. The online platform for dispute
				resolution is available on the following link:
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
.
13.4
If any of the terms of these Terms are found to be inconsistent with
				applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to reflect the intentions of the parties, and no other
				terms will be modified. Reason Studios’ failure to enforce any of the terms of these Terms of Service is not
				a waiver of such term.
14. CONTACT INFORMATION
Reason Studios Aktiebolag
, reg. no. 556546-2206
Hornsbruksgatan 23, SE-117 34 Stockholm, Sweden
Email: support@reasonstudios.com
Phone: +46 8 556 08 400
14.1
If you have any questions or problems, please contact Reason Studios’
				support service. Information regarding the different ways to contact the support is available on
https://help.reasonstudios.com
. Any complaints are handled by
				the support team.
End User License Agreement
Updated: 2021-02-11
This Reason Studios´s End User License Agreement accompanies a Reason Studios software product and related
				explanatory materials (collectively, the “Software”). The term “Software” shall also include any upgrades,
				modified versions or updates of the Software licensed to you by Reason Studios. This copy of the Software is
				licensed to you as the end user. Please read this agreement carefully.
Reason Studios grants to you a non-exclusive license to use the Software, provided that you agree to the
				following:
1. Use of the Software
a.
Unless otherwise specified, this license is your personal license and the
				Software may only be used by you and your right to use the Software is unlimited in time (subject to
				applicable terms and conditions and to timely payment by you of applicable fees and instalments). However,
				in the event that you have chosen to subscribe to or rent-to-own the Software (if such alternatives are
				available), the following applies: A) subscription: your right to use the Software is limited in time for
				the applicable subscription period; B) rent-to-own: your right to use the Software is limited in time for
				such period during which you make timely instalments (when full payment has been made, your right will be
				unlimited in time). You must cease to use the Software upon termination of subscription/this License.
b.
If the license is a multi-license, the Software may only be used by the
				company, institution or organization to which it is registered.
c.
At any given time, you may only use the Software on as many computers as your
				license permits. Unless specifically specified, licenses are single user licenses and may only be used on
				one computer at a time.
d.
The sound samples and musical examples that may be connected to the Software
				may NOT be reformatted, mixed, filtered, re-synthesized, or otherwise edited or altered for use in any kind
				of commercial sampling product/package or software – this is strictly prohibited without the express written
				consent of Reason Studios.
e.
The musical examples that may be connected to the Software may NOT be used in
				any commercial music production – this is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of Reason
				Studios.
2.
Copyright. The Software is owned by Reason Studios and/or its suppliers, and
				its structure, organization and code are the valuable trade secrets of Reason Studios and its suppliers. The
				Software is also protected by International Copyright Law and International Treaty provisions. You agree not
				to modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the
				source code of the Software. You may use trademarks only to identify output produced by the Software, in
				accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademark owner’s name. Such use of
				any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark. Except as stated above, this
				license does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software.
3.
Transfer. You may not rent, lease, or sublicense the Software. You may,
				however, transfer all your rights to use the Software to another person or entity, provided that you
				transfer this agreement with the Software.
4.
No warranty. The Software is being delivered to you AS IS and Reason Studios
				makes no warranty other than that the Software shall conform to the specifications in the documentation
				during a warranty period of twelve months from delivery. Reason Studios will only remedy deviations from the
				specification providing that the deviation substantially affects your use of the Software. Reason Studios
				may under such circumstances choose to replace your copy of the Software with a new one.
APART FROM ABOVE REASON STUDIOS AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU
				MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. REASON STUDIOS AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES,
				EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
				PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL REASON STUDIOS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
				INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF A REASON STUDIOS
				REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD-PARTY.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or special damages,
				or the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above
				limitations may not apply to you.
5. This contract shall be exclusively subject to the laws of Sweden. Place of
					jurisdiction is location of the national sales company or agent. Reason Studios can also, however, at
					its free discretion, open proceedings at the registered address of the licensee.
This license shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms.
This license may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of Reason Studios.
Reason Studios and Reason are trademarks which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
You have accepted the terms set out in this license upon purchase/licensing and/or when the Software was made
				available to you.
If you should have any queries concerning this license or wish to speak to Reason Studios about any matter,
				please contact the following address in writing:
Reason Studios Aktiebolag,
Hornsbruksgatan 23,
SE-117 34 Stockholm,
Sweden.
Terms of Service : Reason+
Updated: 2021-01-20
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1
These terms of service for Reason+ (“
Terms of Service
“) shall apply
				between you and Reason Studios Aktiebolag, Hornsbruksgatan 23, SE-117 34 Stockholm, Sweden, with
				registration number 556546-2206, VAT number SE556546220601, (“
Reason Studios
“) to your subscription
				and use of Reason Studios’ service Reason+. Please read these Terms of Service carefully before you use
				Reason+. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, you may not use Reason+.
1.2
Reason+ includes access to the Reason Software, Reason Extensions, Content
				and Reason+ Companion (collectively the “
Services
“).
1.3
In addition to the defined terms already explained in these Terms of
				Service, the below terms shall have the following meanings:
“
Application
” means the Reason+ Companion application available for MacOS and Windows and which is a
				helper application for managing your Reason Software and getting music making Content that we continually
				produce;
“
Content
” means all patches, presets, sounds, samples, files that are building blocks to music making
				in the Reason Software;
“
Rack Extensions
” means all Reason Studios branded and other plugins and extensions;
“
Reason Software
” means Reason Studios’ music making software included in the subscription for
				Reason+; and
“
Website
” means https://www.reasonstudios.com/.
1.4
In order to use the Services you must be at least 16 years old or older (or
				have your parent or guardian’s consent) and have a computer with an Internet connection. In order to be
				eligible for an offer in accordance with a certain campaign, you need to fulfil the requirements for such
				campaign.
1.5
These Terms of Service shall apply to users who are consumers and use the
				Services for private and non-commercial use. Please read through these Terms of Service carefully.
2. ABOUT THE SERVICE
2.1
To get access to the Service you must accept and agree to these Terms of
				Service and Reason Studios’ Terms of Use and create a user account by registering certain personal data
				(including but not limited to name, email address, etc.) and choose a personal password (“
User
					Account
“). See also section 2.8 below.
2.2
You will get access to the Service by:
(i) registering a User Account and agreeing to the Terms of Service and Terms of Use;
(ii) Reading and understanding Reason Studios’ Privacy Policy;
(iii) logging on to your User Account via the Application or the Website.
2.3
By logging on to your User Account you can access the Services. Reason + may
				be installed on multiple devices but may not be run on multiple instances or devices at the same time.
				Moreover, your User Account is personal and may not be shared with others.
2.4
You are responsible for submitting complete, true and correct information
				and for making sure such information is kept up to date. Reason Studios does not have any obligation to make
				any inquiries to assess the accuracy of the information provided. Username and password shall be stored
				securely. You are responsible for all use of the Service that occurs under your username and password. If
				your username or password is lost or stolen or if you have any reason to believe that there has been an
				unauthorized access to your User Account, please notify Reason Studios immediately and change your password
				as soon as possible.
2.5
In order to subscribe for the Services you are required to register your
				current payment information (such as debit or credit card information or invoicing information) with Reason
				Studios (see 4.2 below).
3. PRICE AND PAYMENT FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION
3.1
Reason Studios offers a subscription to the Services against payment in
				advance of a fixed fee each month or an annual advance payment.
3.2
You are required to register current and valid payment information in
				accordance with any of the payment methods which are offered from time to time and which correspond to the
				country chosen by you when creating your User Account. This means that when a credit or debit card is
				needed, you need a credit or debit card issued in the same country that you are resident in or provide other
				information required for the payment method in question.
3.3
The prices for the subscription to the Services are published on the
				Website. All prices include value added tax (VAT) (where applicable). By subscribing to the Services for a
				specific country you are confirming that you live and pay tax in such country.
3.4
When you are creating your User Account you will provide payment information
				in accordance with the instructions on the Website. Payment shall be made through the payment methods
				offered by Reason Studios from time to time.
3.5
Please note that you are always responsible for all internet fees and fees
				for mobile data that may apply when using the Service.
3.6
The subscription fee is charged monthly or annually in advance, on the same
				calendar day of you subscribing to the Services (the “
Subscription Period
“) up until you end the
				subscription in accordance with section 6 below. In the event the subscription fee cannot be charged on the
				same calendar day a certain month, e.g. if such day should not occur on a business day (expect for public
				holidays) the subscription fee will be charged on the next business day.
3.7
In order to receive continuous access to the Services, you are required to
				ensure that you have paid the subscription fee according to the payment method that applies to the
				subscription. If you are paying by debit or credit card you are obligated to ensure that the balance, before
				each new Subscription Period, covers the subscription fee. If your payment account cannot be charged, Reason
				Studios will send you a message thereof and try to charge your payment account again. As regarding payment
				with a debit or credit card, new attempts can be made each day during a period of up to ten (10) days. You
				will automatically cease to have access to the Services if the subscription fee has not been paid after the
				last such attempt.
3.8
Reason Studios will automatically renew your subscription at the end of each
				Subscription Period and, as authorized by you during the sign-up process, Reason Studios will charge your
				credit or debit card the applicable fee and any sales or similar taxes that may be imposed on your fee
				(unless you cancel your subscription prior to the renewal in accordance with section 6 below). If you have
				paid an annual subscription fee, Reason Studios will notify you no later than one month before your
				subscription is due for renewal.
3.9
Reason Studios may offer access to all or some parts of the Services free of
				charge for a limited time. You acknowledge that these Terms of Service apply in full force and effect
				between you and Reason Studios during such limited period time as well.
4. RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
4.1
Please be advised that you have a legal right to withdraw from your purchase
				of the Service (for any reason, without penalty and without having to provide an explanation) within
				fourteen (14) days from date of purchase. By creating a User Account and accepting these Terms of Service
				and the Terms of Use, you expressly accept and approve that you have immediate access to the Services via
				your User Account.
4.2
The right of withdrawal may be exercised by filling in the return form
				provided at in these Terms of Services (“
Return Form
“).
Link to
					Return Form (withdrawal) (pdf)
4.3
If you exercise your right of withdrawal, your access to the Service will
				cease. You hereby expressly accept and approve that Reason Studios can charge you a proportionate fee for
				the Service you have accessed before notifying Reason Studios of your withdrawal. If you have made a payment
				to Reason Studios exceeding this fee, we will refund the exceeding amount, within fourteen (14) days from
				the date of the withdrawal.
5. TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION FROM THE SERVICE
5.1
You have the right, at any time, to terminate your subscription through your
				User Account. If you cancel your subscription, you will have access to the Services until the end of the
				Subscription Period that you have paid for. After the end of the thencurrent Subscription Period you will no
				longer have access to the Services and will no longer be able to use Reason+. Reason Studios does not refund
				any subscription fees for the remaining Subscription Period.
5.2
Reason Studios has the right to suspend your access to your User Account and
				the Services for your breach of these Terms of Service, the Terms of Use or any applicable law, regulation
				or other statute.
5.3
Your access to your User Account and the Services may also be temporary
				suspended if the subscription fee cannot be charged for a reason beyond Reason Studios’ control. When the
				subscription fee has been paid, your access to your User Account and the Services will be reinstated.
6. SUPPORT
If you have any questions or problems with the Service, please contact Reason Studios’ support service.
				Information regarding the different ways to contact the support is available on
				https://help.reasonstudios.com/hc/en-us. Any complaints are handled by the support team.
7. AMENDMENTS TO THE SERVICE, PRICE AND AGREEMENT
7.1
Reason Studios strives to continuously improve its Services and therefore
				reserves the right to update and/or change the Services, including adding new Content and new Reason
				Extensions, at any time. This may for example imply that Content which initially was available in the
				Services may no longer be made available or is deleted. Neither Reason Studios nor its cooperation partners
				will refund any balance of pre-paid subscriptions as a result of the above during a current Subscription
				Period, provided that the change does not cause unreasonable disadvantage for you.
7.2
Reason Studios has the right to change the subscription fees for future
				Subscription Periods by giving written notice at least thirty (30) days before it takes effect.
				Notifications regarding such price changes are sent to you either in the Application and/or via the contact
				information provided by you when registering your User Account. You have the right to terminate your
				subscription at any time on the end of the Subscription Period which you have paid for. You will be asked to
				accept such change of the price by accepting the new price the next time you log on.
7.3
Reason Studios may from time to time make changes to these Terms of Service
				provided that the changes are reasonable for you under consideration of the interest of you and Reason
				Studios. In such case, you will be notified of such changes. Notification is sent to you, either in the
				Application or by the contact information provided by you when registering your User Account, at least
				thirty (30) days prior to the changes enter into effect. You always have a right to terminate your
				subscription if you do not agree to the changes made. The termination will be effective at the end of the
				thencurrent Subscription Period. When you are notified of any changes, Reason Studios will remind you of
				this cancellation right. Upon any material changes to these Terms of Service, you will be asked to accept
				the new terms and conditions the next time you log on.
8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
8.1
The content of the Services, including but not limited to text, audio
				samples, graphics, logos, button icons, images, document, as well as the arrangement and compilations of
				these, all software used in the Service, and the Content, are the sole property of Reason Studios or Reason
				Studios’ licensors or suppliers (the “Intellectual Property”). The Intellectual Property is, or may be,
				protected by applicable international laws, including, without limitation, copyright and other laws and
				agreements that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to comply with all such
				applicable laws and agreements, and not to alter, obscure or remove the notices regarding copyright or
				ownership rights in such Intellectual Property.
8.2
The software which is included in the Services and Application is licensed,
				and not sold, to you. By signing up for the Service you are given a personal, non-exclusive,
				non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sub-licensable right, which is limited in time, to use such software.
				Reason Studios or its licensors retain ownership of all copies of such software. Reason Studios has the
				right to assign this license or any part thereof to any third party without restrictions.
8.3
Any third-party intellectual property included in the Services is licensed
				to you either under contract or in accordance with the respective third-party license for such software. The
				terms of use for such third-party software (if any) are published on the Website.
9. UPDATES
You acknowledge and understand that Reason Studios from time to time may issue updated versions of the
				Services and that Reason Studios may perform automatic electronic updates of the Services. You consent to
				all such automatic updates and that these Terms of Service applies to all such updates.
10. PERSONAL DATA
By registering your personal data upon registration of your User Account and using the Services, you
				understand that Reason Studios will process personal data about you. Information about such processing of
				personal data can be found in Reason Studios’ Privacy Policy.
11. AVAILABILITY
The Services are usually available round the clock, all days a week. However, Reason Studios cannot guarantee
				that the use of the Services will be uninterrupted or error free. The Services may from time to time be
				completely or partially unavailable upon carrying out necessary backup copying, maintenance, improvements,
				security updates or the like. Reason Studios will, to the extent possible, inform you of any planned
				interruptions.
12. NO WARRANTY
12.1
Reason Studios endeavors to provide the best service possible, however, you
				agree that the Services are provided to you on an “as-is” and “as available” basis with no warranty (whether
				express or implied) of the merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of
				third-party rights. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Reason Studios does not provide any
				warranties against viruses, spyware or malware that may be installed on your computer or other device.
				Neither Reason Studios nor our licensors or suppliers can guarantee that the Services will meet your
				requirements and expectations or that the Services will be available without interruption, or be fast,
				secure or error free.
12.2
You are solely responsible for your Internet connection. Reason Studios is
				not at any time responsible for you not being able to access the Services by virtue of issues with your
				Internet connection.
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
13.1
To the extent permitted under applicable laws, Reason Studios shall not be
				liable for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or
				otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
(a) use of, or inability to use the Services; or
(b) use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Website.
13.2
Moreover, Reason Studios shall not be held liable for:
(a) indirect or consequential loss or damage;
(b) loss of profits;
(c) business interruption;
(d) loss of anticipated savings;
(e) loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
(f) loss due to downtime, loss of data and similar losses.
13.3
Nothing in these Terms of Service excludes or limits Reason Studios’
				liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation
				or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under mandatory law.
13.4
Reason Studios’ total aggregate liability for claims arising from your use
				of the Services is limited to the subscription fee you pay to Reason Studios in relation to the part of the
				Service which has given rise to the claim.
14. TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT
Reason Studios is entitled to transfer or assign all or parts of its rights and obligations under these Terms
				of Service. You are not entitled to transfer or assign any rights or obligations under these Terms of
				Service.
15. DISPUTES
15.1
Unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the
				European Union or any other jurisdiction, these Terms of Service are governed by and construed in accordance
				with the laws of Sweden.
15.2
Furthermore, you and Reason Studios agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of
				the courts of Sweden to resolve any dispute, claim or controversy that arises in connection with these Terms
				of Service. In case of any dispute with Reason Studios, you may bring your matter to the Swedish National
				Board for Consumer Disputes (ARN), provided that your matter fulfils ARN’s requirements for their cases
				(e.g. concerning time and value limits). You have the right to bring your claim to a public court as well.
				The aforementioned venues (ARN and public courts) are only additional options. All other venues under the
				applicable mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction remain
				unaffected.
15.3
If you are a citizen within the European Union, you may also use the
				European Commission’s online platform for dispute resolution. This online platform allows you, as consumer,
				to resolve disputes in connection to online orders without going to court. The online platform for dispute
				resolution is available on the following link: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.
15.4
If any of the terms of these Terms of Service are found to be inconsistent
				with applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to reflect the intentions of the parties, and no
				other terms will be modified. Reason Studios’ failure to enforce any of the terms of these Terms of Service
				is not a waiver of such term.
15.5
The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, representations made by
				you, indemnities, limitations of liability and general provisions shall survive any termination of your
				subscription.
16. CONTACT INFORMATION
Reason Studios Aktiebolag
, reg. no. 556546-2206
Hornsbruksgatan 23, SE-117 34 Stockholm, Sweden
Email: support@reasonstudios.com
Phone: +46 8 556 08 400
Third Party Product End User License Agreement
Updated: 2019-08-21
This Rack Extension Product End User License Agreement (“License”) governs your use of a Rack Extension
				Product and related explanatory materials (collectively, the ”RE Product”). The term ”RE Product” shall also
				include any upgrades, modified versions or updates of the RE Product. The RE Product is licensed by the
				Developer of such RE Product (“the Developer”) to you as end user.
The Developer grants to you a non-exclusive license to use the RE Product, provided that you agree to the
				following:
1. Use of the RE Product
a.
Unless otherwise specified, this License is your personal license; the RE
				Product may only be used by you and your right to use the RE Product is unlimited in time (subject to
				applicable terms and conditions and to timely payment by you of applicable fees and instalments). However,
				in the event that you have chosen to subscribe to or rent-to-own the RE Product (where such alternatives are
				available), the following applies: A) subscription: your right to use the RE Product is limited in time for
				the applicable subscription period; B) rent-to-own: your right to use the RE Product is limited in time for
				such period during which you make timely instalments (when full payment has been made, your right will be
				unlimited in time). You must cease to use the RE Product upon termination of subscription/this License.
b.
If the License is a multi-license, the RE Product may only be used by the
				company, institution or organization to which it is registered.
c.
At any given time, you may only use the RE Product on as many computers as
				your license permits. Unless specifically specified, the License is a single user license and may only be
				used on one computer at a time.
d.
Sound samples and musical examples that may be connected to the RE Product
				may NOT be reformatted, mixed, filtered, re-synthesized, or otherwise edited or altered for use in any kind
				of commercial sampling product/package or software – this is strictly prohibited without the express written
				consent of the Developer.
e.
Musical examples that may be connected to the RE Product may NOT be used in
				any commercial music production – this is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the
				Developer.
2.
Copyright. The RE Product is owned by the Developer and/or its
				suppliers/licensors, and its structure, organization and code are the valuable trade secrets of the
				Developer and/or its suppliers/licensors. The RE Product is also protected by International Copyright Law
				and International Treaty provisions. You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile,
				disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the RE Product. You may use trademarks only
				to identify output produced by the RE Product, in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including
				identification of trademark owner’s name. Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of
				ownership in that trademark. Except as stated above, this License does not grant you any intellectual
				property rights in the RE Product.
3.
No transfer. You may not transfer, rent, lease, or sublicense the RE Product
				(other than to the extent that such right is expressly granted under applicable mandatory law).
4.
No warranty. The RE Product is being delivered to you AS IS and the Developer
				makes no warranty other than as expressly stated. In the event the RE Product is nonfunctional your sole
				remedy, and Developer ́s sole liability, shall be replacement of the RE Product.
APART FROM ABOVE THE DEVELOPER AND ITS SUPPLIERS/LICENSORS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR
				RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE RE PRODUCT OR DOCUMENTATION. THE DEVELOPER AND ITS SUPPLIERS/LICENSORS
				MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR
				FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL THE DEVELOPER OR ITS SUPPLIERS/LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO
				YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN
				IF A REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE DEVELOPER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM
				BY ANY THIRD-PARTY.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or special damages,
				or the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above
				limitations may not apply to you
5.
This License shall be governed by the laws of Sweden.
Place of jurisdiction is location of the Developer. The Developer, however, at its discretion, shall also be
				entitled to initiate legal proceedings in the jurisdiction where you are domiciled/have your registered
				address.
This License shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms.
You have accepted the terms set out in this License upon purchase/licensing and/or when the RE Product was
				made available to you. If you should have any queries concerning this License or wish to speak to the
				Developer about any matter, please contact the Developer at the address provided to you when the RE Product
				was made available to you and/or indicated in the documentation for the RE Product.
PRIVACY POLICY
Reason Studios takes your privacy extremely seriously. Our privacy policy describes what, why and how we
				collect and use your personal information, how we protect it and how you can contact us. By using our
				Service and/or our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to Reason Studios´s
				Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
Updated: 2022-11-01
1. INTRODUCTION
Your privacy is of the utmost importance to Reason Studios AB (“
Reason
”, “
we
”, “
us
”,
				“
our
”) and we are continuously taking measures to ensure that the personal data that we process about
				you is processed in a transparent and secure manner. This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) describes
				how and why we collect and process personal data about you when you are using our services.
Throughout this Privacy Policy the term “
processing
” is used to cover all activities involving your
				personal data, including e.g. collecting, handling, storing, sharing, accessing, using, transferring and
				disposing of your personal data.
“
Applicable Data Protection Laws
” means all legislation and regulations, including regulations issued
				by relevant supervisory authorities, protecting the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals and, in
				particular, their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data that from time to time
				apply to this Privacy Policy, including the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the
				Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data
				and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (the “
GDPR
”) as well as laws
				and regulations complementing the GDPR.
“
Personal data
” is defined as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural
				person.
Please note that some of our services may entail specific processing activities that are not included in this
				Privacy Policy. In such case, you will receive information about such specific processing activities before
				any processing of your personal data starts.
2. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER FOR THE PERSONAL DATA?
Reason Studios AB (556546-2206), Hornsbruksgatan 23, SE-117 34 Stockholm, is the data controller for the
				processing of your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy.
3. FROM WHERE DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We collect your personal data from:
You
, which you submit to us when you use our services or which is automatically generated by you when
				you use our services (e.g. by cookies or other tracking technology).
4. PURPOSES OF THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Management of our services
We will process your personal data in order to manage the provision of our services to you, including to
				provide you with your subscription or product, providing you with after sales care such as handling returns
				etc., checking that payment is not made fraudulently and communicating with you within the scope of the
				customer relationship (e.g. sending information about purchases, managing technical service issues,
				responding to enquiries, support and other related communication).
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
Identity data
Contact details
Your communication
Purchase history
Card number/bank account details
Contract
. The processing is necessary in order for Reason to perform under a contract
							with you.
Legitimate interest
. If the contract is entered into with any other person or entity
							than you (e.g. your employer), the processing is necessary in order for Reason to meet its
							legitimate interest of providing you with the services in accordance with the contract with such
							other person or entity.
Retention period
: Your personal data is stored for as long as you are a customer of
							Reason and for a period of one (1) year thereafter.
Development and improvement of our products and services
We will process your personal data in order to develop and improve our products and services. The processing
				activities carried out for this purpose includes (i) using purchase history and search history to operate
				and improve website content and digital services, (ii) enhancement of our products and services on the basis
				of information how our products and services are used, (iii) sending surveys and requesting other
				information from you about your opinions on our products and services in order to make customer driven
				improvements, (iv) using your contact details to contact you through email in order to inform you about
				updates in, guidance for and changes to our products and services and (v) improving the products and
				services through knowledge gained from your use of our products and services. You can unsubscribe from
				emails about updates and changes in our products and services at any time by using the unsubscribe link in
				every such email
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
Identity data
Your communication, including responses to surveys
Contact details
Purchase history
Search history on our website
User generated data
Legitimate interest
. The processing is necessary in order for Reason to meet its
							legitimate interest in being able to continuously develop and improve our products and services
							to bring you the best possible experience with using our products and services.
Retention period
: Your personal data is stored for as long as you are a customer of
							Reason and for a period of one (1) year thereafter. Your personal data will also be anonymized
							for this purpose and such anonymized data may be processed indefinitely. Anonymized data may
							also be shared with third parties.
Evaluate and follow-up on the business, including compiling statistics
We will process your personal data to evaluate and follow-up on our business activities and to produce
				reports and statistics. Such follow-ups and statistics may
inter alia
relate to which and how many
				products and/or services that have been sold during a certain period. These activities are performed to e.g.
				be able to develop and improve our business model as necessary. Reports and statistics are normally produced
				on an aggregated level, i.e. no information in such documents could be related to you as an individual. Such
				aggregated documents may be shared with our business partners.
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
Identity data
Contact details
Organisational information
User generated data
Legitimate interest
. The processing is necessary to fulfil our legitimate interest in
							evaluating and following-up on our business activities.
Retention period
: The personal data is deleted as soon as the relevant report and/or
							statistic is generated. Reports and statistics on an aggregated level (i.e. non-personal data)
							will be retained until further notice.
Evaluate and improve the experience on our website
We will process your personal data, e.g. collected via cookies and similar techniques as well as from our
				partners, to analyse and better understand how you are using our website and to improve your experience on
				our website. This means that we e.g. may store information about your browsing history and settings on the
				website (such as language and display settings) for now mentioned purposes.
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
User generated data
Identity data
Geographic data
Legitimate interest
. The processing is necessary to fulfil our legitimate interest in
							improving your experience on our website and to provide you with tailored content.
Retention period
: The personal data is deleted as soon as the relevant report and/or
							statistic is generated. Reports and statistics on an aggregated level (i.e. non-personal data)
							will be retained until further notice.
Provide you with relevant marketing
We process your personal data to provide you with personalised marketing content that we believe may be of
				interest to you. We do this e.g. by using cookies and similar techniques which help us and our partners to
				send you relevant marketing via email and other communications channels, and display relevant advertising on
				different websites based on e.g. your visits and clicks (interest-based advertising) and by the use of your
				purchase history. You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link in
				every email.
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
User generated data
Identity data
Contact data
Geographic data
Purchase history
Legitimate interest
. The processing is necessary to fulfil our and our partners’
							legitimate interest of providing you with interest-based advertising.
Consent
. We may process your personal data for marketing purposes based on your
							consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by using the unsubscribe link in every email.
Retention period
: Your personal data is retained (i) for as long as you are a customer of
							Reason and for a period of 12 months thereafter or (ii) during a period of 12 months from when
							you provided your last consent. Reports and statistics on an aggregated level (i.e. non-personal
							data) will be retained until further notice.
Forums, blogs and Reason’s online information sharing sources
Each time you create or reply to a post or thread on a Reason website forum, blog, RSS or other information
				sharing sources, we may, in addition to providing such online services, record/save the forum, blog, RSS or
				information sharing source name and the time and date of your post or thread with your account details. We
				do this for the purpose of better understanding our users and create relevant content.
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
Identity data (such as name)
Your posts on the forum, blog, RSS or other information sharing source.
Legitimate interest
. The processing is necessary in order for Reason to meet its
							legitimate interest in being able to better understand our users and thereby provide relevant
							content to our users.
Retention period
: Your personal data is stored for as long as you are a customer of
							Reason and for a period of one (1) year thereafter.
Establish, exercise and defend legal claims
For the purposes of establishing, exercising and defending legal claims, e.g. in connection with a dispute or
				legal process, we may process your personal data.
We may also process your personal data for the purpose of preventing and detecting fraudulent behaviour on
				our website, such as fraudulent payments or fraudulent use of our services (including use of fraud accounts
				or abuse of trial periods and similar offers).
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
Exemption for special categories of data
All data collected that are necessary to fulfil the purpose, e.g. identity data, payment
								data and service usage data.
Legitimate interest
. The processing is necessary in order to fulfil our legitimate
							interest to establish, exercise or defend the legal claims, e.g. in connection with a dispute or
							legal process. The processing is also necessary to carry out fraud assessments for the purpose
							of identifying and preventing fraud and criminal offences.
Special categories of personal data, including criminal data, are only processed to fulfil our
							legitimate interest in establishing, exercising or defending legal claims.
Retention period
: Personal data will be retained for up to 10 years in order to
							establish, exercise and defend legal claims.
Fulfil legal obligations
We will process your personal data for the purposes of fulfilling legal obligations within the area of e.g.
				book-keeping, accounting and requirements under Applicable Data Protection Laws.
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
All data collected that are necessary to fulfil the purpose.
Legal obligation
. The processing is necessary to fulfil Reason’s legal obligations.
Retention period
: Personal data will be retained as long as necessary to fulfil each
							legal obligation.
Manage and protect IT systems and services
In order to manage and protect our services and related IT systems, e.g. upon logging, troubleshooting,
				backup, change and problem management in systems and in connection with potential IT incidents, we process,
				to the extent necessary, your personal data.
Categories of personal data
Legal basis
All data collected that are necessary to fulfil the purpose.
Legitimate interest
. The processing is necessary to fulfil our legitimate interest in
							managing and protecting our website, services and related IT systems.
Retention period
: Personal data will be retained as long as necessary in relation to each
							purpose stated above.
5. DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
Transfer of personal data to third parties acting as controllers
In general, Reason will not transfer, sell, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data with any third
				parties. However, in our endeavor to provide you with quality products and services, we may need to make
				certain exemptions to this general principle (in particular when information about you cannot be transferred
				in anonymous and/or in pseudonymized form). The following is a summary of the third parties with which we
				may share your personal data.
Recipients
Purposes
Legal basis
Reason group companies
For internal business purposes
Legitimate interest
. To fulfil our legitimate interest in managing and defending legal
							claims, e.g. in relation to a dispute.
Third-party suppliers acting as data controllers, such as credit card payment suppliers,
							delivery companies, fraud checking services etc.
In order to provide you with our products and services.
Contract
. To perform under a contract with you.
Business partners
Sending newsletters from our business partners.
Legitimate interest
. To fulfil our legitimate interest in providing you with relevant
							information.
Public authorities (including courts), arbitration tribunals, external advisers and
							counterparties
To exercise, establish or defend legal claims.
Legal obligation
. To fulfil our legal obligations.
Legitimate interest
. Legitimate interest. To fulfil our legitimate interest in
							exercising, establishing or defending legal claims.
Business partners, investors and professional advisors
Take necessary actions in connection with corporate governance events, such as selling all or
							part of the business or in connection with a merger, acquisition, insolvency event or
							investment.
Legitimate interest
. To fulfil our legitimate interest in being able to sell all or part
									of the business or in connection with a merger.
Other users
Allow you to communicate with other users, either by providing links to content uploaded by you
							or when you post comments in communities and on forum areas.
Consent
. The processing is based on your consent.
Data processors acting on behalf of Reason
In order to fulfil the purposes of the processing of your personal data, we transfer personal data to
				external parties such as service providers that we have engaged as well as other partners. These parties
				provide services within the areas of
inter alia
IT (such as data storage, support and management
				services) and finance (e.g. book-keeping systems). For research and statistical purposes, we prepare
				anonymous, aggregate or generic data for a number of purposes outlined above. As we consider that you cannot
				reasonably be identified from this information, we may share it with external parties such as our partners,
				advertisers, industry bodies, media and/or the general public. However, we do apply a restrictive approach
				in order to ensure a high level of security and safety.
These external parties will act as data processors of Reason and may only process your personal data in
				accordance with our instructions and not for their own purposes. Reason is the data controller for the
				processing of personal data that these external parties carry out on our behalf.
Please note that third-party providers, such as external developers, generally process shared information to
				develop and optimize their products and services. When using third-party developer product in Reason’s
				products and services, we recommend that you always read such third-party developer’s privacy policy and
				terms of use before using their products or services in Reason’s products and services.
Appropriate safeguards for transfers of personal data outside of the EU/EEA
Reason use suppliers and third-party providers to process personal data in a matter which includes transfer
				of personal data to countries outside of the EU/EEA area (third-countries). These transfers are a necessary
				element for the Reason services performance.
With these suppliers and partners Reason have entered data processing agreements including provisions
				safeguarding such third-country transfers with appropriate safety measures.
Transfers of personal data outside of the EU/EEA area will be processed in accordance with EU data protection
				law including the GDPR. Such transfers are either relied upon a European Commission adequacy decision on
				data protection transfer for the third-country in question or legal safeguards through European Commission
				Standard Contractual Clauses (SSC’s) for transfer of personal data outside of the EU/EEA area combined with
				supplementary technological and organisational protection measures including encryption and
				anonymization/pseudonymization.
Should you have any questions regarding Reasons transfers of personal data to a country outside the EU/EEA,
				please contact us using the contact information stated at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6. COOKIES
Reason may use technologies such as cookies in order to collect information about the pages you view, the
				links you click and other actions you take on Reason’s website and services. Cookies are small text files
				that are stored on your hard drive through your web browser.
Reason may use cookies in order to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to
				save time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information, for example by remembering
				personal information when you use Reason’s websites, and to display your personalized content and targeted
				advertising on your later visits to its websites. However, the cookies used on Reason’s websites do not
				normally contain information that identifies you personally.
Cookies on Reason’s websites
Reason uses session cookies as well as persistent cookies on its websites. A session cookie is a temporary
				cookie which is erased when a session is ended, i.e. usually when you close your browser, while a persistent
				cookie is stored in one of your browsers subfolders until deleted manually or the set duration period of the
				persistent cookie expires.
Reason uses cookies such as “ph_hasloggedin” in order to determine whether to show “sign up” or “log in” when
				prompting a user to log in, “ph_st_variants” in order to determine which version of a page to show to a
				user, and “ph_sessionid” in order to remember information about a logged in user.
Third-party cookies on Reason’s websites
Reason also uses third-party cookies. Third-party cookies may be necessary in order for third parties to
				provide its services to Reason. Reason uses third-party cookies such as “_ga” in order to access Google
				Analytics data.
More information about our use of cookies can be found in Reason’s Cookie Policy.
7. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Subject to Reason’s Terms of Service, you must be 16 years of age or older to subscribe and to use our
				products and services, however individuals under the age of 16 may utilize our products and services only
				with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian.
Any parent or guardian with queries and questions concerning personal data processing that may relate to
				their child can contact us by using the contact details set out below.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
Under Applicable Data Protection Laws, you have certain rights in relation to the processing of your personal
				data. We process your personal data to the extent necessary in order to fulfil your rights. Please submit
				requests for exercising your rights by contacting us on the contact details set out below.
You have, under certain circumstances, the right to exercise the following rights:
Access
You may request confirmation whether personal data is processed and, if that is the case, access your
					personal data and additional information such as the purposes of the processing. You are also entitled
					to receive a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. If the request is made by electronic means
					the information will be provided in a commonly used electronic format if you do not request otherwise.
Object to certain processing
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data based on a legitimate interest for
					reasons which concerns your particular situation. In such a situation, we will stop using your personal
					data where the processing is based on a legitimate interest, unless we can show that the interest
					overrides your privacy interest or that the use of your personal data is necessary in order to manage or
					defend legal claims.
Rectification
You have at any time the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, as well as, taking into
					account the purposes of processing, the right to have incomplete personal data completed which relates
					to you.
Erasure
You may have your personal data erased under certain circumstances, such as when your personal data is
					no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected. However, we cannot delete your personal
					data if we e.g. are obligated under law to keep the data.
Restriction of processing
You may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data to only comprise storage of your
					personal data under certain circumstances, such as when the processing is unlawful, but you do not want
					your personal data erased. If the processing of your personal data has been restricted, we may only,
					besides storing the data, process your personal data with your consent, in order to establish, exercise
					or defend legal claims or to defend rights of others.
Withdrawal of consent
You have the right to at any time withdraw your consent to processing of personal data to the extent the
					processing is based on your consent.
Data portability
You may ask to receive a machine-readable copy of the personal data processed on the basis of your
					consent or on the basis that the processing is necessary in order to perform an agreement with you, and
					which personal data have been provided to Reason by you (data portability) and ask for the information
					to be transferred to another data controller (where possible).
Complaints to the supervisory authority
You acknowledge that you always have the right to lodge complaints pertaining to the processing of your
					personal data to the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (Sw. Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten).
9. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact Reason
				on the contact details set forth below.
The data controller is:
Reason Studios AB
Hornsbruksgatan 23
SE-117 34 Stockholm
E-mail address:
gdpr@reasonstudios.com
Updated: 2022-11-01
DESCRIPTION OF CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
Please see the table below for detailed information regarding which personal data (included in the categories
				of personal data set forth in this Privacy Policy) that we process.
Categories of personal data
Examples of personal data
Contact details
Telephone number, e-mail address
Geographic data
Location data from your unit e.g. collected via cookies
Identity data
Name
Purchase history
Information about subscription and purchases
Login data
Username, password
Organisational information
Title, position, company
User generated data
Visitor and click statistics, technical data regarding unit used and its settings (e.g. language
							setting, IP address, browser settings, time zone, operating system, display resolution and
							platform), information on how you have interacted with us, log in method, from where and how
							long you have visited our sites, response time, how you are reaching and leaving the service
							etc.
Your communication
Personal data included in your communication, e.g. in e-mails
Reason Studios Rewards Terms and Conditions
Updated: 2019-08-21
1. Membership
Membership in Reason Studios Rewards
(“the Program”)
is established between you
(“the
					Member”/”you”)
and Reason Studios Aktiebolag, Hornsbruksgatan 23, SE-117 34 Stockholm, Sweden
				(hereinafter
“Reason Studios”
,
“us”
or
“we”
) and is governed by these membership terms
(“Membership Terms”)
. Your membership is established by registering a profile on Reason Studios’s
				website and opting into the Program. The membership is personal, as are all rewards given within the Program
				which can be used only by you personally, unless specifically stated by Reason Studios. Only one membership
				account is permitted per person.
1.2. Membership in the Program is granted only to natural persons that have agreed to Reason Studios´s Terms
				of Service. If you are under the age of 18, you must have your legal guardian’s consent to join the Program.
				If you do not accept these Membership Terms, or the Terms of Service, you are not entitled to use the
				Program. Membership in the Program requires us to process your personal data. To fulfil our commitment under
				these Membership Terms, it is thus necessary for us to process information that relates to you as a person.
				By opting into the Program, you also agree to receive marketing communication relating to the Program.
				Reason Studios is the controller which will determine the purposes and the means of processing your personal
				data. All processing of personal data is conducted in accordance with the data protection principles as set
				out in data protection laws and regulations. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about how we
				collect and use your personal information and how to exercise your rights as a registered.
1.3. Membership in the Program is granted to one natural person per membership number, and only natural
				persons can become members. You must notify us in writing of any changes in your personal details that are
				not possible to change/add online.
1.4. Any breach of these Membership Terms or misuse of the membership, can lead to the membership being
				terminated immediately. Misuse may consist of illegal conduct, fraud or actions that are generally regarded
				as immoral or unethical. Upon such termination, all Reward Points earned but unused become null and void.
				Suspected criminal breach of these Membership Terms or any other committed criminal offense by the Member,
				may be reported to relevant authorities.
2. Program overview
2.1. The Program allows you to earn Reward Points
(“Reward Points”)
when (i) purchasing products in
				the Reason Studios Shop, (ii) registering selected products on Reason Studios’s website, and (iii) Joining
				the Program. Additional opportunities to earn Reward Points may apply, as Reason Studios expands the scope
				of the Program.
2.2. Members are able to check their Reward Points status by visiting the Rewards landing page. A member
				status overview will also be available on Reason Studios.se/rewards/.
3. Earning Rewards
3.1. Reward Points are earned by the Member making purchases of products from the Reason Studios Shop and
				from registering Reason software. You do not earn Reward Points for products that have been refunded. Reward
				Points may also be earned by performing selected activities as outlined from time to time by Reason Studios.
3.2. Reward Points earn rates are as set out in Appendix A and are subject to change without additional
				notice from Reason Studios. Current reward earn rates will be available on reasonstudios.com
3.3. Reward Points are issued once the payment transaction, registration or other eligible activity is
				irrevocably completed. In the case that a reward-eligible activity is refunded or reversed, the earned
				Rewards will also be reversed.
4. Using Reward Points
4.1. Members can exchange their Reward Points for monetary discount vouchers
(“Vouchers”)
via the
				Program’s web portal on Reason Studios’s website.
4.2. Members need to gain a certain amount of Reward Points before being entitled to exchange Reward Points
				for Vouchers, as set out in Appendix A.
4.3. Vouchers issued within the Program can be used as full or partial payments for purchases in the Reward
				Store section of the Reason Studios Shop only. Thus, Vouchers have no cash value. One Voucher only can be
				used per transaction.
4.4. You can use your Reward Points as soon as you have a sufficient amount of valid points and during a
				period of 12 months from when they were earned. After this deadline, the Reward Points become null and void.
				This means that Reward Points must be exchanged to Vouchers before the expiration of that period.
4.5. Vouchers are valid and can be used in the Reward Store during a period of sixty days from the date they
				were issued
(“Issuance date”)
. This means that Vouchers become null and void and cannot be used in
				the Reward Store when more than sixty days have passed from Issuance date.
4.6. We reserve the right to determine if you earn Reward Points or not for products and services offered by
				us. The conditions under which you earn Reward Points are available on Reason Studios’s website.
5. Termination of membership
5.1. You can at any time request termination of your membership by contacting Reason Studios at
				https://help.reasonstudios.com. Once you have terminated your membership, you will no longer be able to earn
				or use your Reward Points. However, unused Vouchers will remain valid until 60 days have passed from
				Issuance date.
5.2. If you do not earn any Reward Points for 24 months, we have the right to terminate your membership
				without further notice provided that you have no valid useable Reward Points.
5.3. Reason Studios is entitled to terminate or replace the Program with one month’s notice. If the Program
				is terminated due to legislation, court orders, orders from public authorities or the like, the Program can
				be terminated immediately without notice and earned Reward Points will expire immediately without
				compensation of any kind.
5.4. You may not, wholly or partly, assign or otherwise dispose of your rights and/or obligations under these
				Membership Terms without our prior written consent.
5.5. To the extent permissible by local law or regulation, these Membership Terms shall be governed by and
				construed in accordance with Swedish law. Both parties submit, to the extent permitted by local law or
				regulation, to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the district court of Stockholm to resolve any dispute that
				may arise out of these Membership Terms.
5.6 We reserve the right to change these Membership Terms. We will in such case well in advance and in clear
				terms communicate the upcoming changes, so that you can choose to terminate your membership if you do not
				agree to the changes. The changes may concern e.g. the rules on earning and using Reward Points and
				consequences for new Reward Points, points already earned and activities, or the privacy policy, i.e. how we
				process your personal data. The applicable Membership Terms will at any given time be available at our
				website.
Appendix A
Reward Earn rates and Voucher Exchange Rules
1. Reward Earn Rates
¨
You earn 5 Reward Points by Joining the Reason Studios Rewards program which requires a Reason Studios
					account.
You earn 20 Reward Points by registering Reason 11 or Reason 11 Upgrade once you have Joined the Rewards
					Program.
For the amount you spend in the Reason Studios Shop, you will receive 5% back in Reward Points for every
					purchase you make in the Reason Studios shop.
Eligible customers may also earn Reward Points through fulfilment of other activities, as set out by
					Reason Studios from time to time. Reward Points for these activities may vary, and will be presented by
					Reason Studios when the reward opportunity is introduced to the customer.
2. Voucher Exchange rules
Once you have redeemed you Reward Points for a Voucher, Vouchers can not be returned for Reward Points once
				they have been issued.
2.1 Once you have accumulated either 25 or 50 Reward Points, you can exchange your Reward Points for discount
				vouchers which can be applied in the Reason Studios Rewards Store.
25 Reward Points can be exchanged for a 25 USD/GBP/EUR/CAD discount voucher
50 Reward Points can be exchanged for a 50 USD/GBP/EUR/CAD discount voucher
2.2 Your discount voucher will be issued for the same currency that is displayed in the Rewards Store at the
				time the voucher is issued.
2.3. All vouchers that are applied to purchases in the Rewards Store must be used in full at the time of
				purchase.
Terms of Use
Terms of Purchase
End User License Agreement
Terms of Service Reason+
Third Party Product End User License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Rewards Terms and Conditions