Skybrary Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest in
www.skybrary.org
(the “Website”) that is owned, operated and controlled by RRKidz, Inc. (collectively “RRKidz,” “our”, or “us”). RRKidz offers a subscription-based service (the “Service”), which provides users with access to interactive digital versions of kids’ books through our downloadable application (the “App”). The terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to anyone accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Website, the Service and/or the App. Your personal privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy, effective June 20, 2012, explains our information practices. Please read carefully to understand when RRKidz collects your information, what type of information does it collect, how it collects, how it uses, with whom does it share and what steps does it take to protect your information.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS INCORPORATED INTO OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND/OR USE OF THE WEBSITE, THE APP AND/OR THE SERVICE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY OR THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE, THE APP AND THE SERVICE.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES RRKIDZ COLLECT?
Information we collect is generally of two types – personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information comprises any information that can help us identify or locate an individual, including, without limitation, an individual’s full name, e-mail address. Non-personally identifiable information comprises information that does not by itself identify an individual. This information generally includes anonymous information about an individual’s browsing habits that includes, among other things, the websites visited, information concerning date and time of visit, IP address, the type of browser and operating system used.
WHEN, HOW AND WHY DOES RRKIDZ COLLECT INFORMATION?
RRKidz collects personally identifiable information only when you specifically and knowingly disclose such information. This information is generally collected when you create a user account to use certain features of the App, communicate with us either by e-mail, over the telephone or in any other manner including when you call our associates. If you disclose your personal information, we will only store and use such information that it needs to meet your requests and its legitimate business objectives. We primarily use your personal information to provide you an improved and customized online experience and service. RRKidz may also use the information it collects from you for the purpose of providing you with technical support, customer service, account maintenance and to comply with any requirements of law. RRKidz will automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information each time you visit the Website or use the App. For this purpose, RRKidz may use cookies, clear gifs, frames, server log analysis and other technology. RRKidz collects anonymous information about its users so that it can understand how users are using the Website and improve the overall quality of it’s users’ online experience. You do not have to register with us before RRKidz can collect this anonymous information.
PERSONAL CONTACT INFORMATION
We may use your contact information to notify you of changes to the App and facilitate and improve your use of the App. We also use this information to respond to any questions or concerns you have brought to our attention. Specifically, the e-mail address is collected as part of the account set-up process only to give you access to a dashboard that helps you monitor your child’s use of the App. Online Surveys In order to improve the App, we may use your personal information to send information about online surveys. These surveys help us to know more about your experience with the App. Your responses to these surveys are treated as confidential information. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, you may simply decline when asked. You may also choose to opt-out of participating in any future surveys. If you do so, we will not send you any survey requests in the future. Correspondence If you contact us by telephone, e-mail or letter to provide feedback, comments or inputs or for any other reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence and collect your personal information to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION? AND WHY?
GENERAL INFORMATION
We will automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information each time you visit the Website. For this purpose, we may use cookies, clear gifs, frames, server log analysis and other technology. We collect anonymous information about our users so that we can understand how people are using the App and/or the Website and improve the overall quality of your online experience.
COOKIES
The Website may contain “cookies.” Cookies are bits of electronic information generated by web servers and stored on your hard drive when you visit practically any website on the Internet. Cookies are often used to differentiate users, store user preferences and track user trends in general. We may use cookies to improve the quality of the Website and the App and to better understand how users interact with the Website. We do not use cookies to retrieve individual personally identifying information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provide such information. You can adjust your web browser security settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of the website we offer may not function properly.
LOG FILES
Log files record internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the website, track a user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. You do not have to register with us before we can collect this anonymous information.
NAVIGATIONAL DATA
As you browse the Website and/or the App, we may gather navigational data that shows what pages are visited and how long various features are used. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to facilitate and improve use of the Website and/or the App, to comply with any requirements of law, to serve, or have a third party serve specialized or relevant advertising content and/or recommendations to you on the Website and for our internal purposes. We may, from time to time, supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link to the website with information relating to the number of users linking to the website from their sites. You cannot be identified from this information.
HOW ELSE DOES RRKIDZ USE THE INFORMATION THAT IT COLLECTS?
GENERAL
Personal information which RRKidz collects for a particular purpose will only be saved and used for that purpose, unless you have agreed to allow us to use it for some other purpose, as described in this Privacy Policy. RRKidz sometimes shares non-personal information with third parties about its user base, but that information does not include any personally identifiable information. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, RRKidz does not trade, share, rent, sell or give away information concerning you to third parties.
OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS
RRKidz may disclose your personally identifiable information to its strategic partners and service providers. These third party service providers will have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes.
ENFORCEMENT
RRKidz may disclose your personally identifiable information or otherwise use such information to communicate with you if required or permitted to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process or any governmental request; (ii) protect and defend our rights or property and that of our users and licensors; (iii) enforce our applicable service agreements; or (iv) protect the personal safety or interests of our employees and consultants, other users of the Website, or members of the public in urgent circumstances. RRKidz may also disclose any of your personal information to law enforcement or other appropriate third parties in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other suspected illegal activities, or as otherwise may be required by applicable law, or, as RRKIdz deems necessary in its sole discretion, in order to protect its legitimate legal and business interests.
AGGREGATED GENERAL INFORMATION
RRKidz may share aggregated general information about the Website and/or the App with its corporate partners, investors, advertisers or others. Aggregate general information includes without limitation the number of users of the Website, usage statistics and user feedback. Aggregated general information does not include any personally identifying information that could be used to contact or identify you.
CHANGE OF CONTROL
In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to the Site, or if RRKidz experiences some other change of control event such as merger, insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, RRKidz reserves the right to include any or all user-related information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company. RRKidz cannot guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with any of these transactions will comply with all the terms of this policy.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
RRKidz complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and all other applicable laws and regulations protecting children’s privacy on the Internet. We do not allow persons under 13 years of age to create user accounts and do not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from children under the age of 13. Although we collect personally identifiable information from parents, we do not collect such information from the children. Any child under the age of 13 using the Service must do so with permission from a parent. When registering your child with the Service, we will ask a series of general questions including your child’s firs name, age, gender, and interests. This information is used to customize content to your child’s age and interests. We do not use or disclose this information for any other purposes except to provide you with quality service. Any data that is shared is done so on an anonymous aggregate basis among all users or is related to communicating reading behavior patterns to publishers.
INFORMATION FOR PARENTS/GUARDIANS
As a parent or guardian you can request us to remove personal information of your child that was submitted without your consent or by misrepresenting his or her age. At your request, RRKidz will take reasonable steps to remove such information from our database. All such requests should include the same user name, password, and e-mail address that your child submitted and should be sent to
skybrary@rif.org
.
SECURITY
RRKidz takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, users’ information. RRKidz restricts access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our products, services and the Website. Our servers are protected by firewalls and are physically located in secure data facilities to further increase security. RRKidz uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology for mutual authentication, data encryption and data integrity. While no computer is 100% safe from outside attacks, RRKidz believes that the steps it has taken to protect your personal information drastically reduce the likelihood security problems to a level appropriate to the type of information involved. If you have any questions regarding which measures and techniques we use, feel free to contact us.
INTEGRITY
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible and encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may, at any time, access your information to update, modify or delete any inaccuracies by accessing your account through the Website.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on the Website. We encourage you to check the Website regularly for information about revisions to this Privacy Policy. In the event that RRKidz changes its Privacy Policy, such changes will affect all of the information RRKidz collects after any such change. If you object to the change to our Privacy Policy, then you must contact us in writing regarding your objection.
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
skybrary@rif.org
.