Notice of Privacy
NOTICE OF UPDATE TO PRIVACY POLICY
If you are an EU resident, the following Privacy Statement (
http://www.storm8.com/notice-of-privacy-eu/
) applies instead of the Privacy Policy below.
In order to provide better service to our users and to increase the level of transparency around our privacy practices, we have made some updates to our policy including changes describing what data are collected through the use of our applications.
Should you have any questions regarding these updates, please contact us through
support.storm8.com.
Last Revised January 8, 2025.
Notice:
Storm8, LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Storm8” or “We”) provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information from users of (i) the website located at http://www.storm8.com (the “Site”), including any services, features and content accessible or downloadable from the Site, and (ii) any other Storm8 application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by such users that refers or links to this Privacy Policy ((i) and (ii) collectively, the “Service”).
Changes to the Privacy Policy:
Storm8 reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or modified version of the Privacy Policy on the Site. If we make material changes to the statement, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law. Any such changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting, subject to applicable law. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the Last Revised date above.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
Our primary goals in collecting and using personal information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service.
The information we collect depends on how you interact with us, the products you use, and the choices you make. We collect personal information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our products, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, third-party data sources, and data we infer or generate from this and other data.
Information you provide directly
.
We collect information you provide to us. For example:
Contact information:
Application contact information: Username
Forum contact information: Username, email
Support page contact information: Name, email, phone
Demographic data:
Forum demographic data: Location, interests, occupation, favorite game
Support page demographic data
Content and files:
We collect photos, comments, messages, or files you input and upload to the forum or support pages of our Service. If you send communications to us, we may record and store archives of these communications.
Application content and files: Comments you make on other users’ walls
Forum content and files: (a) Posts you make in our player forums and message boards, (b) comments you post to other users’ profiles, (c) private messages or invitations you send to other users, or (d) photos you post on the forum
Support content and files
:
Issue description, profile photo, supporting attachments
Information collected automatically
.
We collect some information automatically when you use our Services. For example:
Identifiers and device information
: When you use our games, we collect mobile IDs, other unique device IDs, your device type, operating system and version, and the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, location, and time zone of your machine. In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our applications. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your Account profile information to enable us to move Your Information to a new device at your request. This unique user ID may be used to link a character with which you play our games to your username on the Forums.
When you use our Site, we also collect cookie identifiers, carrier or internet service provider, the time, date, and URL of the request, information about the browser being used, and other information regarding the visit, such as language and other operating system information.
Usage information
: Our apps and connected products automatically send us usage information. For example, when you play our games, we collect information about your play and interaction with other users of the game, whether you are using a point package, the pages visited on the game, access times, the time spent on each page, and any advertisements clicked. When you use our Site, our web servers automatically log your activity on our Site and the website from which you came to our Site and any search terms used.
Inferences
.
New information may be inferred from other data we and others collect, including through using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics.
Information obtained from third-party sources.
We may also obtain all categories of personal information described above from third parties including, for example:
Third-party partners
. Third-party applications and services, including social networks, such as Facebook, you choose to connect with or interact with through our services, that make personal information available to others.
COOKIES (CALIFORNIA “DO NOT SELL MY INFO”):
We use cookies, web beacons, mobile analytics, and advertising IDs, and similar technologies to operate our Services and to help collect data, including other identifiers and device information and usage data.
A cookie is a small text file that we and others transfer to your computer’s hard drive. The text in a cookie consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well. Our Site may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site.
We and others may collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons or “gifs”, are electronic images that may be used on our Site or in our emails. When your browser opens a webpage that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically hosted by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on our websites (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts the content. We include web beacons in our email messages or newsletters to tell us if you open and act on them.
On our applications, mobile analytics and advertising IDs are generated by operating systems for mobile devices (iOS and Android) and can be accessed and used by apps in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. Our apps contain software that enables our third-party analytics and advertising partners to access the mobile IDs.
We, and our analytics and advertising partners, use these and other technologies on our Services to collect personal information (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you use our Services. When your browser or application connects to a third-party analytics or advertising partner, that third party is able to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services. They can also create inferences about you from this information. We, and our analytics and advertising partners, may feature advertisements served by third party advertising companies which deliver cookies to your computer or device so the advertisements you see can be tracked. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Third party cookie controls.
The third-party advertising and analytics providers we use on our Service include DoubleClick (Google) for advertising and analytics (to learn more see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
and to opt out see association links below), and Google Analytics for analytics (to learn more see
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
and to opt-out visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
). We also use ironSource for advertising purposes (to learn more, including how to opt out, please visit
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
). We also use Applovin MAX for advertising purposes (to learn more, including how to opt out, please visit
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
).
We also use Vungle in some games for advertising purposes to support the game. Vungle can collect data including but not limited to device type and model, advertising identifiers, installed application information, and device IP addresses. This happens if you choose to view an advertisement in exchange for an in game reward (to learn more, please visit
https://vungle.com/privacy/
).
Some of these companies are also members of associations that provide a simple way to opt out of analytics and ad targeting, which you can access at:
United States: NAI (
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspx
) and DAA (
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
)
Canada: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (
https://youradchoices.ca/
)
Europe: European Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
)
Web browser cookie controls
. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can go to your browser settings to instruct your web browser to stop accepting or delete cookies. If your browser is set to refuse all cookies, this could affect certain features of our Site. Similarly, if you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, may be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Mobile advertising ID controls
. Apple and Android mobile devices each generate an advertising identifier that can be accessed by apps and used by advertisers in much the same way that cookies are used on websites. These mobile operating systems provide options to limit advertising tracking and/or reset the advertising ID which will opt you out of personalized advertising on apps on that device.
Email web beacons
. You can disable web beacons in email messages by changing the settings in your email service to prevent the automatic downloading of images.
Do Not Track
. Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our Site does not currently respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls and advertising controls described above.
Note that if you make the choices described above, some personal information may still be collected by our partners to help us perform analytics and advertising-related functions such as, but not limited to, measuring the effectiveness of our ads, managing how many times you may see an ad, reporting on the performance of our ads, ensuring services are working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, improving when and where you may see ads and/or reducing ad fraud. If you access the opt out page (or settings) from other devices or browsers, revisit those pages or settings to opt out from those other devices or browsers. Additionally, making these choices will not opt you out of the use of previously collected personal information or all interest-based advertising.
California “Do Not Sell My Info.”
The California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose categories of personal information sold to third parties and how to opt-out of such sales. The CCPA defines personal information to include online identifiers, including IP address, cookies IDs, and mobile IDs. The law also defines a “sale” to include simply making data available to third parties. We let advertising and analytics providers collect IP addresses, cookie IDs, mobile IDs through our sites and apps when you use our online services, and they may further “sell” such information, but we do not “sell” any other types of personal information.
If you do not wish for us or our partners to “sell” or further “sell” your personal information to third parties for advertising or analytics purposes, you can make your Do Not Sell Request by opting out of third party tracking as described in this Cookie section.
OUR USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We use the information we collect for purposes described in this privacy statement or otherwise disclosed to you. For example, we use contact information, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data usage data, and inference information for the following purposes:
Product and service delivery
. To provide and deliver our service, including registering your account, securing, troubleshooting, improving, and personalizing the Service.
Business operations
. To operate our business, such as billing, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, and detecting fraudulent or illegal activity.
Product improvement, development, and research
. To improve our products, develop new products or features, and conduct research.
Personalization
. To understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our products.
Customer support
. To provide customer support, respond to your questions, enforce our terms of service, and resolve disputes.
Communications
. To send you information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages such as your subscriptions to forum threads. We also use your data to connect you with other users of our Service.
Advertising
. To display advertising to you (see the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement for information about personalized advertising and your advertising choices).
Examples of how we collect and use your personal information include the following:
Use of Account:
We may collect Your Information, including your email address, in connection with your creation of an Account. You can register for an Account via a Storm8 application.
Offer Wall:
We may display an “offer wall” in our applications that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These are not offers made by Storm8. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or demographic information and the type of data described in our Cookie section. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a site hosted by Storm8. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier will be shared with the offer wall provider. For more information about our offer wall provider, including certain choices you may have with regard to Your Information, please visit
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Connect:
If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information, i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, profile picture URL and the usernames of your friends who have also connected with our applications. In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience. If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us through
support.storm8.com
.
Invite a Friend:
You may decide to provide us with another party’s email address to allow us to contact and invite that party to visit or join the Service or so that Storm8 may facilitate your communication with such other party through methods of communication enabled by the Service (such as when you upload an address book).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We may share all categories of personal information described above as approved by you or as described below:
We may employ third party companies and individuals to process personal information on our behalf. These third parties have access to personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and for other lawful purposes for which service providers may process personal information.
We may also provide personal information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you, subject to applicable law.
We may disclose your personal information to other entities within the Stillfront Group for the purpose of marketing group services that we believe would be of interest to you and for applicable purposes as set out in this privacy notice.
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Storm8 or any third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable.
We may share your personal information in connection with a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of our assets, bankruptcy, divestiture, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third party analytics and ad tech companies also collect data through our website and apps including, transaction details, account information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, geolocation data, usage data, and inferences associated with identifiers and device information (such as cookie IDs, device IDs and IP address) as described in our
Cookies
section.
We may also share aggregate and/or deidentified information about you in accordance with applicable law.
Please note that some parts of our Service include references or links to products provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide information to any of those third parties, or consent to our sharing your personal information with them, that personal information is governed by their privacy statements.
Public information.
Certain of your information, such as your username and other information, may always be publicly visible by other users of the Forums, including when such users view your Account profile page. Your email address will not be publicly visible unless you choose to make it visible in your Account profile page. When you register for an Account or later access your Account, you may be able to adjust settings and preferences within your Account to choose whether to share and make publicly visible other pieces of your information, and the Service may display your information based on the settings and preferences you choose. We encourage you to consider carefully what information to share as part of your Account profile and elsewhere in the Service, and we recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and not use your real name as your username, as that may allow other users of the Service to identify you. Any information you choose to share should reflect how much you want other users of the Service to know about you. You can review and revise your Account profile information at any time.
CHOICES:
Cookies
. See the
Cookies
section for choices about cookies and other analytics and advertising controls.
Communications.
You can exercise certain choices related to email messages by following the directions in the applicable message. You can change some settings related to email notifications from your forum account, if applicable to you. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain of our Services or to informational communications that may have their own unsubscribe method.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS:
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that personal information.
Right to know and right to delete.
You have a right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you. Much of the information about categories of data is already included in this privacy policy. You also have a right to request that we delete certain data we have about you. You may make such a “request to know” or “request to delete” your personal information (subject to our verification of your identity and a number of exceptions) by contacting us at
support.storm8.com
or
ccpa@storm8.com
.
Right to opt out
. You have a right to opt out from future “sales” of personal information. To do so, review the
Cookies
, (California Do Not Sell My Info) section.
California residents under the age of 18
. California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information they have publicly posted (subject to our verification of your identity and a number of exceptions). To request to remove content or information you have publicly posted, contacting us at
support.storm8.com
.
Shine the Light.
Additionally, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We comply with this law by offering our customers a choice about the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and you can make or change such choice by contacting support.storm8.com or by electing to make your personal information available to third parties by selecting or unselecting to “opt-in” in various places on the Service. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at support.storm8.com. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated e-mail address.
SECURITY:
Storm8 takes reasonable measures to help protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. In particular, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information.
To help us protect personal information, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
INTERNATIONAL USERS:
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Storm8 transfers your information to the United States and processes it there. If you are located in regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS:
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services (“Linked Sites”). The fact that we link to a third-party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy policies or practices. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked Sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked Sites. The operators of Linked Sites may collect information about you and may use and disclose that information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Linked Sites that you use.
Privacy Policy Addendum – Asia
This section applies to residents connecting from or for the services offered in South Korea.
Consent to the collection, use and transfer of personal information
By using our services, you consent to the collection, transfer and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. This includes consenting to the transfer of your personal information to other parties (including overseas transfers) as outlined above in sections 4, 10 and 11 of this Policy.
You may withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent may impact your ability to use our Services, as the use of your personal information is necessary for the functioning of the Services.
Retention and methods of destruction of personal information
When personal information becomes unnecessary, the retention period has expired or the purpose of processing has been achieved, we take appropriate measures to render the personal information unreadable and/or unidentifiable. This may include permanent deletion of your personal information that we have collected. Please see section 6 of this Privacy Policy for more information about retention periods.
If we must keep your personal information in order to comply with relevant laws or regulations, your information will be stored separately and only used for such compliance purposes.We remove and destroy personal information in accordance with applicable law and only for the duration of the relevant retention period (as set out in this Privacy Policy). Personal information stored in electronic form is destroyed and/or anonymized so that it cannot be reasonably reproduced and physical records are destroyed by actions such as shredding or incineration.
CONTACTING US:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through
support.storm8.com
.
✖
We use cookies to improve your experience on our websites. By continuing to browse you are giving consent to cookies being used.
Learn more