Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 10/16/2020
Missouri Star Quilt Company (“we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect Personal Information (defined below), and your choices about the collection and use of Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information collected or processed through any of our websites, blogs, or social media pages that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”).
To jump to a section of this Privacy Policy,
click a link below:
Types of Personal Information We Collect and Use
How We Use Personal Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
How We Protect the Confidentiality of Personal Information
Accessing, Updating, or Deleting Personal Information
Opting Out of Receiving Electronic Communications
International Use of the Site
California Residents
Individuals in the EU
Children’s Privacy
Other Websites and Sites, Including Social Media
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
1. Types of Personal Information We Collect and Use
“Personal Information” is information that identifies or relates to a particular individual. Examples of Personal Information include, among others, name, email address, phone number, mailing address, and online identifiers.
As described in more detail below, we collect Personal Information from you in two ways – when you voluntarily submit Personal Information through a form on the Site; and through information we automatically collect when you use the Site.
A. Information that You Provide Us
In various places on the Site, we request information from you via forms. The exact information we need to collect (including Personal Information) will depend on the purpose of the form.
For example:
if you register for an account, we request contact information, including your full name, email address, and phone number;
if you sign up for the newsletter, we collect your email address; and
if you purchase products on the Site, we will collect contact information, as well as a payment information (through our secure payment processor) and shipping information needed to complete the transaction.
We will indicate on the form whether a particular field of information is mandatory or optional. If you choose not to provide certain information, we may not be able to provide requested services.
B. Information We Automatically Collect from You
We collect the following types of information automatically through your use of the Site:
Cookies, Device Identifiers, and Similar technologies
When you use or access the Site, we and our service providers use cookies, device identifiers, and similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use the Site. We process the information collected through such technologies, which may include or be combined with Personal Information, to help operate certain features of the Site, to enhance your experience through personalization, and to help us better understand the features of the Site that you and other users are most interested in.
Most browsers provide you with the ability to block, delete, or disable cookies, and your mobile device may allow you to disable transmission of unique identifiers and location data. If you choose to reject cookies or block device identifiers, some features of the Site may not be available or some functionality may be limited or unavailable. Please review the help pages of your browser or mobile device for assistance with changing your settings.
Some of our service providers may use cookies or other methods to gather information regarding your use of the Site, and may combine the information in these cookies with any Personal Information about you that they may have. The use of such tracking information by a third party depends on the privacy policy of that third party. We do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals sent to us by your browser at this time. To learn more about how DNT works, please visit
allaboutdnt.com
.
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose whether to accept them or not. Additional information regarding these cookies (including expiration date) may be available through your browser.
Required Cookies
Required cookies enable you to navigate our websites and use certain features, such as accessing secure areas and to keep track of certain information as you navigate from page to page.  If you disable these cookies, our websites will not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our Site, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. We use these cookies to improve how our Site functions and performs.
Examples of performance cookies include:
Google Analytics cookies (_ga, _gid, _gat).
Tracking or Advertising Cookies
From time-to-time, we engage third parties that track individuals who visit our websites.  For example, we and third-party service providers and advertisers use cookies to track the performance of our advertisements.
Examples of tracking and advertising cookies include:
Facebook (_fpb) and Criteo (cto_bundle)
Analytics
To assist us with analyzing our website traffic through cookies and similar technologies, we use analytics services, including Google Analytics. For more information on Google Analytics’s processing of your information, please see “
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
”
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Advertising
We may engage third parties, including social media platforms, who use cookies, pixel tags, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the internet to provide marketing services to us, including targeted advertising. If you want to learn more, including how you may opt-out of targeted advertising, you should visit the following sites:
www.aboutads.info/choices
www.networkadvertising.org
www.youradchoices.com
www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
(Facebook and Instagram)
www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
(Google)
advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
(Bing)
We do not operate or control these third party sites, and there may be additional ways for you to opt out of online advertising. Please note that by opting out, you will continue to see ads, but ads may not be as relevant to your interests.
Log File Information
When you use our Site, our servers automatically record information, including your Internet Protocol address (“
IP Address
”), browser type, referring URLs
(e.g., the site you visited before coming to our Site)
, domain names associated with your internet service provider, information on your interaction with the Site, and other such information
(collectively, “
Log File Information
”)
. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to you which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
We use Log File Information collected from our implementation of the Site to help secure the Site by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities and in analyzing the effectiveness of our Site to improve the Site’s function and content.
2. How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information the following purposes:
Fulfilling your orders for our products;
Responding to your inquiries and customer service requests;
Providing our Site to you;
Analyzing, administering, and improving the Site;
Enabling secure use of the Site and preventing fraud;
Sending information and promotional materials (e.g., newsletters and daily deals);
Protecting our rights or our property;
Meeting legal obligations; and
For other purposes related to the reasons for which you provide Personal Information.
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your Personal Information has been collected as outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required by law.
3. Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not disclose Personal Information except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or with your consent. This section describes to whom we disclose Personal Information and for what purposes.
Affiliates.
We disclose Personal Information with our affiliated businesses. Our affiliated business may use Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including for those affiliates’ marketing purposes.
Our Service Providers.
We engage service providers to perform tasks on our behalf and to assist us in operating the Site or providing our products and services. For example, we engage third parties to provide analytics services, advertising, payment processing, shipping, and Site and ecommerce functionality. We take commercially reasonable steps to help ensure our service providers provide at least the same level of protection for Personal Information as we do.
Audience Development.
Some of our service providers may temporarily process Personal Information on our behalf for the purpose of helping us reach new audiences. When we engage them to do so, we take steps to help minimize the use of Personal Information—such as converting information on our end into a cryptographic hash, then providing only the hash to a service provider. The service provider is then only able to correlate the hash with information already in its possession to help us reach out to people with similar interests as our current audience.
Companies Involved in Mergers and Acquisitions Transactions.
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of our business or assets to another organization
(e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or liquidation)
, any information collected through the Site, including Personal Information, may be among the items sold or transferred.
Law Enforcement, Government Agencies, and Courts.
We may disclose Personal Information at the request of law enforcement or government agencies; in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish, protect, or exercise our rights; to defend against a legal claim; to protect the rights, property, or safety of any other person; or as otherwise required by law.
4. How We Protect the Confidentiality of Personal Information
We protect the confidentiality and security of information we obtain in the course of business. We use commercially reasonable safeguards, such as industry-standard encryption technology, to help keep the information collected through the Site secure.
When you are paying for a product on our Site, your payment is processed only by a third party payment processor that specializes in secure online payment processing. We do not collect, store, or otherwise have access to your payment information. The payment processor keeps your payment information confidential, and we only receive a “token” to confirm your payment was completed.
Despite these efforts to store Personal Information in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of Personal Information, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third parties such as hackers from illegally obtaining access to Personal Information. We do not represent or warrant that Personal Information about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
5. Accessing, Updating, or Deleting Personal Information
If you have an account with us, you have the ability to update or remove certain Personal Information associated with your account at any time through the My Account page. If you would otherwise like to otherwise access, update, or delete Personal Information about you, you may submit a request using the contact information in Section 13, below. We will promptly review all such requests in accordance with applicable law.
If you are a resident of California or the European Union, please see the information below in
Section 8 (California Residents)
and
Section 9 (EU Residents)
for more information regarding your rights.
6. Opting Out of Receiving Electronic Communications
We may send notifications, promotions, or other information via email or text message (“
Communications
”). You may choose to stop receiving Communications by indicating your preference in your account profile or settings. Please note that certain Site-related Communications are necessary for the proper functioning and use of the Site
(e.g., to send you emails confirming your purchase)
and you may not have the ability to opt out of those Communications.
7. International Use of the Site
If you are using our websites from outside the United States, please be aware that Personal Information may be collected, stored, and processed in the United States. If we transfer Personal Information internationally, we take steps to provide adequate safeguards for such transfers. Please be aware that the data protection laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
8. California Residents
This section applies to our collection and use of “Personal Information”
(as defined under California law)
if you are a resident of California.
A. Categories of Personal Information Collected, Used, and Disclosed
In accordance with California law, we collected the following categories of Personal Information within the preceding 12 months:
Identifiers such as your name, alias, email address, mailing address, IP address, and online identifiers;
Certain categories of Personal Information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information on your usage of our Website (“Usage Information”);
Information used to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or behavior; and
Commercial information, including records of products purchased or other purchasing histories.
We have not sold Personal Information within the past 12 months from the date this Privacy Policy was last updated.
We disclose each of these categories of Personal Information with our service providers to the extent necessary for them to facilitate our business purposes
(including any purpose specified in Section 2, above)
. Additionally, some of our online advertisers may have used and disclosed Usage Information collected automatically from the Service. Regardless of whether this a “sale” of Personal Information as defined by California law, we provide you the right to opt out of cookies used for online behavioral advertising as described in Section 1(B), above.
B. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the California, you have the following rights:
Right to Know.
You may have the right to request information on the categories of personal information that we collected in the previous twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you, and the business purposes for which such personal information is collected and shared. You also have the right to request information on the categories of Personal Information which were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in the twelve (12) months preceding your request for your personal information.
Right to Delete.
You may have a right to request us to delete Personal Information that we collected from you.
If you would like to exercise your rights listed above, please contact (or have your authorized agent contact) us at the contact information provided in Section 13, below. When doing so, please tell us which right you are exercising and provide us with contact information to direct our response.
We must verify your identity before fulfilling your requests. If we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any Personal Information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.
We may deny certain requests, or only fulfill some in part, as permitted or required by law. For example, if you request to delete Personal Information, we may retain Personal Information that we need to retain for legal purposes (e.g., tax accounting). You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by any business when you exercise your California privacy rights.
9. Individuals in the EU
In this section, we provide additional information relating to how we process Personal Information of individuals in the EU, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
A. Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the context in which we collect it. We collect Personal Information from you:
where we need Personal Information to perform a contract with you
(e.g., to complete a sales contract for the purchase of a product from the Site)
;
where the processing is in our legitimate interests
(including the purposes described, above, in Section 2)
;
where the processing is necessary for us to meet our applicable legal obligations; or
if we otherwise have your consent.
B. Your Privacy Rights
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request access
to Personal Information about you.
Request correction
of the Personal Information that we hold about you.
Request erasure
of Personal Information about you. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of Personal Information about you where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of Personal Information about you. You can ask us to suspend the processing of Personal Information in the following scenarios:
(A)
if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy;
(B)
where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
(C)
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
(D)
you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of Personal Information to you or to a third party.
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process Personal Information about you.
If you wish to exercise any of these applicable rights, please contact us as described in Section 13.
Depending on where you live, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or other regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning Personal Information. We encourage you to first reach out to us, so we have an opportunity to address your concerns directly before you do so.
10. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any Personal Information from children. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child, we will promptly take steps to delete that information.
11. Other Websites and Sites, Including Social Media
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Site, including the information or content contained within them. A link to a third party’s website should not be construed as an endorsement. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing Personal Information to third parties.
12. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you with notice of material changes to the Privacy Policy as appropriate under the circumstances. Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Privacy Policy will apply immediately upon posting to the Site.
13. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Site, please submit a request through our contact form
missouriquiltcohelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
or using the following phone:
(888) 571-1122