Guidance
HMRC Privacy Notice
English
Cymraeg
Find out about HMRC's data protection policy and procedures.
From:
HM Revenue & Customs
Published
18 May 2010
Last updated
9 October 2024
          —
See all updates
Get emails about this page
Documents
HMRC Privacy Notice
HTML
Details
The Data Protection Act 2018 requires organisations who process personal data to meet certain legal obligations.
These are contained within the Data Protection principles. HMRC is a data controller within the meaning of the act and processes large volumes of personal data.
Updates to this page
Published 18 May 2010
Last updated 9 October 2024
+ show all updates
9 October 2024
Information about data sharing with the The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service has been added.
13 September 2024
The HMRC Privacy Notice has been updated to confirm that personal information may be used during the testing of IT systems or processes.
29 August 2024
'How we use your information' has been updated to include the routine examination of business records which can contain personal data when carrying out civil and criminal investigative work. A new section on Artificial Intelligence, analytics and machine learning has been added. The 'Automated decision-making' section has been updated to include circumstances when automated decision-making is allowed including measures to safeguard individual rights.
14 May 2024
EU institutions has been added to the list of third parties HMRC will share data with and information on UK and EU institutions has been added in the 'Data sharing' section.
29 February 2024
'How we use your information' has been updated to include the use of GOV.UK One Login to verify identity.
9 November 2023
Added translation
6 November 2023
Links have been added to the 'Situations in which we’ll use your personal information' and 'When we may share your personal information with third parties' sections.
6 April 2023
Department for International Trade (DIT) has now changed to the Department for Business and Trade (DBT).
4 January 2023
When we may share your personal information with third parties now includes Education and Skills Funding Agency for apprentice levy and Department for Education for policy development and evaluation of training or education and the Department for International Trade, including the UK Export Support Service and Trade Remedies Authority, in support of their trade purposes and activities.
23 December 2022
The sections about when we may share your personal information with third parties, how to complain to HMRC have been updated. Sections about data protection principles, coronavirus (COVID-19) and your personal information, automated decision making, the security of your data with third party service providers, rights of access, correction, erasure and restriction, right to withdraw consent, fees required and contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) have been removed.
28 March 2022
The section 'Contact HMRC or make a complaint' has been updated with the name of the interim Data Protection Officer and the process to follow when making a complaint.
1 September 2021
The list of third parties we may share your personal information with has been updated.
13 May 2021
Information about what personal data we make publicly available and share with accredited processors and researchers has been updated.
10 February 2021
Guidance on when HMRC may share your personal information with third parties has been updated to include the Border Flow Service.
19 August 2020
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) appointed by HMRC has changed to Nicholas de Lacy-Brown, to oversee compliance with its data protection obligations.
9 April 2020
Information added about how coronavirus (COVID-19) measures may affect how personal information is collected, and sections on how to contact HMRC and the Information Commissioner’s Office updated.
30 January 2020
Guidance on when we may share your personal information with third parties has been updated.
10 September 2019
The 'Automatic Exchange of Information' link under the 'Data sharing' section has been updated to 'Automatic Exchange of Information Privacy Notice'.
10 May 2019
Guidance on how we use particularly sensitive personal information, when we may share your personal information with third parties and information about criminal convictions has been updated.
19 March 2019
Guidance has been updated about the kind of information we hold about you, situations in which we’ll use your personal information and when we may share your personal information with third parties. Information about transaction monitoring has been added.
31 August 2018
The guidance has been updated to show how you can make a complaint to HMRC, and to update the address of HMRC's Data Protection Officer.
23 May 2018
This guidance has been updated with information about the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018 and the Data Protection Act (DPA) 2018.
21 February 2018
Updated with information about how to make a subject access request.
6 April 2016
This guidance has been updated to explain how requests are made.
18 May 2010
First published.
Sign up for emails or print this page
Get emails about this page
Print this page
Related content
HMRC Office of the Data Protection Officer Privacy Notice
HMRC appropriate policy document
HMRC records management and retention and disposal policy
Collection
HMRC leaflets, factsheets and booklets