V3.02, Last Updated February 13, 2025
These terms of service govern your use of the Bazaart software and website, licensed to you by Bazaart Ltd. You can decide to reject these terms of service, and that you do not agree to them. However, if you do so then you shall have no right to use the software or services.
We develop software for designing and editing graphics, photos and videos (each of them is a “design”). When using the software, we’ll provide you access to content that we licensed from our partners. You own all the rights for your designs, but if you do not have a specific permission to use an image or a video, we can’t provide you with that permission.
The content we licensed through our collections is provided with a license (as detailed in the full terms). If you import content from outside our collections (including via custom fonts), you may do so, but you are required to receive permission from the copyright holders. This means that we don’t claim any ownership of your designs.
Also, we may allow you to backup your designs, or to share them with your friends via other social networks, all according to functionality of the services.
Please take note that when using our services some information may be processed by third parties: photos may be processed by image processing services, videos may be processed by video processing services, statistical information may be collected by our service providers and technical information may be collected for improving the service.
Lastly, this service is made on an AS-IS basis; we can’t be held liable for any damage: not if your phone heats up and blows, not if your data is lost and not if your designs are published on the web publicly.
Please take the time to read the full terms of service, as they are the final and definite agreement we have.
Sign-Up and Registration
1.
Eligibility
. When enrolling into the service, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are either over 18 years of age, or if you’re over 13 and under 18, you obtained your legal guardian’s consent to these terms;(ii) you are the physical owner of your device. This means that you cannot use a cellphone you received from the workplace in order to install this application without your employer’s consent; (iii) you are not a sex offender, nor have you been convicted with any violent crime or any crime against your children.
2.
There Is No Mandatory Signup
. We do not coerce you into signing up for the service. We encourage it. If you plan to use your account on more than one device, or subscribe to our services, you must sign up and create an account.
3.
Signup
. You may either sign up using Google, Meta, or Apple’s sign-in methods. Your use of the service is dependent on access to these services.
Services
We offer the following services, each of them is a “service” by itself, and all are considered a “service” under this agreement.
4. We may allow you to perform certain photo and video editing and manipulation services. These may be changed from time to time.
5. We may allow you to publish your designs on the web. If you wish to do so, you can upload your designs to other services.
6. We may allow you to share your designs with third parties, such as WhatsApp or other services. If you share content via these services, you are required to adhere to their terms of service.
7.
We may allow you to add different filters, import content (including music)
from selected vendors.
a.
Icons you import from the Noun Project through our shapes function are independently licensed under a Creative-Commons Share Alike license.
b.
Content you incorporate from Pexels is permitted for use
under their applicable license
and their restrictions. Please use the hyperlink to review their usage and avoid infringing on Pexels’ rights and Pexels’ users rights.
c. Content from Soundstripe is licensed under their respective license and allowed for personal and commercial use as stated in their specific applicable license.
d. Content from Stable Diffusion is licensed under Stability.AI’s
terms
and
privacy policy
and it has material content restrictions on the use and distributions. Please check such licenses before using this feature.
8.
We may allow you to incorporate your own fonts into your works, where you choose and manage the fonts. You should inspect the licenses for these fonts and see that you are permitted to use them in your works before uploading them to our service or distributing them to the public.
9. We may also offer premium features for paid users. These may include advanced tools and access to more licensed content and graphic resources.
10. We may allow you to backup your designs to our cloud backup services. This service might be made available in part only for registered, paying users.
Each of the services may be deprecated or removed at any time.
Content Policy
This content policy applies both to the content you submit through the service for us to use, share with other via the service or third parties, and for content others submit that you may use.
11. By either providing us with visual, textual, audiovisual, or other material or by using our service to share content, You hereby accept this content policy as set forth. You acknowledge that any violation of the content policy may cause termination of your service, removal of your content and legal action by both ourselves and the person whose rights were infringed.
12. For the purpose of this policy, the term Content shall refer to images and/or text and/or videos used by yourself while creating content through the service and published through it.
13.
License
. You hereby warrant that you are the sole owner and proprietor of any Content you distribute through the service, or that you are allowed to post it under this content policy. You hereby grant us an irrevocable, permanent, unlimited, world-wide, royalty-free, sublicensable, non-exclusive license to use your Content according to the functionality of service and through other third party services, including the creation of derivative works and the creation of three dimensional works. If you shared your Content via a third party service, then you grant each person you shared your Content with the right to send this Content to third parties, and to display, store or use this Content via such third party and according to its terms of service.
14.
Our License To You
. We provide you, as our user, a limited, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable, license to use all the images and works made available via the services to create your own designs through the services. If you prepare digital or physical items containing our licensed content, then you may only use it for 5,000 units. This applies for digital downloads, prints, handouts and physical devices or copies. This means you can use our image banks, our libraries and our filters. However, you cannot reuse, resell or license to others our licensed content or otherwise convey it in a manner which does not reflect major alterations. This, for example, means that you can use the backgrounds we provide for designs under this limitation, but you cannot just copy these backgrounds and reuse them in a different application or sell them to a stock-photo or stock-video website. If you plan to use our licensed content in more than 5,000 units, contact us and we will review the usage and may allow you to do so according to our discretion. The Software is bundled with fonts, licensed under the
SIL Open Font License v1.1
. Links to these fonts are available at
https://www.bazaart.com/attribution
. AI generated Images may have additional restrictions based on their origin. We request that if you plan to use them in any commercial or public manner, you review these terms and the terms of their generative service before distributing them.
15.
Publicity License.
You hereby grant us permission to use your name, image, information and likeness in relation to the content you posted. Meaning, that we may use your face, photos and profile photo to promote the Content.
16.
Offensive Content.
You hereby warrant that your Content is not offensive and does not infringe the right of any third party, including, but not only:
Intellectual Property Infringing
. Your content does not infringe any third party copyright, design, patent, trademark, trade secrets or any other intellectual property rights.
Pornography
. Your Content does not contain any text, image or depiction including extreme nudity, profanity, sexual activity, sexual innuendos, sexually offensive or otherwise obscene. We may allow artistic nudity and non-pornographic use of exposed bodies.
Slanderous
. Your Content does not slander, defame or otherwise harm the good name of others.
Hate Speech and Racism
. Your Content does not include any hate speech or racist opinions, as well as does not incite others to violent acts against persons solely based on their inclusion in a specific group.
17.
Warranty
. You hereby warrant that you are either the sole proprietor or a designated licensee of your Content and that no other party’s rights are infringed or violated by your use of the content and the Service. You moreover warrant that no legal claim, dispute or lawsuit was filed against You or threatened against You for publishing content through the service.
18.
Notice & Takedown
. if you believe that any content hosted or posted using our services may infringe or violate any of your rights or applicable law; do contact us at
notice@bazaart.com
and we will investigate such complaint. Following the complaint, we will let the user who submitted the content know about it, and might inquire about its posting. Please note that our moderation, restoration or deletion of content does not mean that we are liable for the content in any form or under any law.
Fees and Payment
19. We may charge our fees through your Apple or Google account or independently; Google and Apple may offer refunds solely according to their policies. Our subscription is monthly or yearly recurring, and you may terminate it at any time. We may offer other payment options.
20. Payments are automatically recurring and are based on billing cycles. No refunds are provided once a billing cycle begins. Nothing in this section may limit other consumer rights you may have under applicable laws that cannot be waived.
Software License
21. We provide you with a limited, non-sublicensable, temporary, license to use our software. You may not provide any person with a copy of our software, nor may you reverse-engineer, decompile, circumvent or otherwise attempt to make our software’s source code or features available. You may not attempt to obtain Premium functionality without a Premium account. We may revoke your license at any time and for any reason.
Privacy Policy
22. You are not required under law to provide us with any information. However, if you do not provide us with such information we will not be able to provide you with the services.
23.
What Personally Identifiable Information Do We Retain?
We collect some raw information which may be considered as personally identifiable, which is technical information about your device, such as your IP address, your operating system and other technical information. Moreover, when you register, we may retain the information you provided us at registration, including your name, photo and email address. If you use one of our server side services, we may also retain a copy of the data submitted to our server for a limited time. This Server Side Data may include a copy of the photos and videos processed through the service, as well as technical data relating to it. Server Side Data is deleted periodically after a short period of time, which is usually a few days. While we do not consider your designs and works as Personal Data, we do retain it if you use any of our cloud services.
24.
What Non-Personally Identifiable Information Do We Retain?
We also process information about your use of the services and other aggregate information which may not be reidentified. We may also use insights from our user surveys to improve the services and develop them.
25.
How Do We Process This Information?
We use the information to provide you with the services and to improve the services. We also use Server Side Data for quality control and improving the services. We protect your privacy and will use your information only for the required purposes to provide the services, improve them, and according to applicable laws. We may use your email address with third party services, including Amplitude for analytics and Paddle for payments. These services operate under confidentiality obligations in respect to your personal data.
26.
Who Are The Third Parties Who Have Access To This Information?
We provide access to our employees, who are under strict confidentiality obligations, and to several third parties who provide us with services.  We use the following third party services: (i) Apple Analytics; (ii) Facebook; (iii)
AppsFlyer
; (iv) Amplitude; (v) OneSignal; (vi)
Google Payments
; (vii) Google Analytics; (viii) Firebase; (ix) Hotjar Analytics; (x) Sentry.io.
27. We may also use the following services to process images, videos or provide you parts of the services: (i) Unsplash; (ii) Microsoft; (iii) Noun Project; (iv) Pexels; (v) Stability.ai; (vi) Replicate Inc.; (vii) Soundstripe;
28. We use Paddle to process payments.
29. We use Refiner to run user surveys.
30.
Can We Contact You With Promotional Offers?
Yes. We may use the information you provided us, including your email address and phone numbers to provide you with promotional offers and newsletters. We may also contact you if we believe your account was compromised. If you answered one of our surveys, we may contact you in respect to such a survey and suggest to conduct an interview.
31.
Device Permissions
We may require additional device permissions to provide you certain parts of the services. These include camera permission for taking photos and videos, microphone and speech recognition permissions to transcribe videos, and storage permissions to access files on your device for processing.
32.
What About Cookies?
We use both first party and third party cookies to provide tailored solutions, payments, session management and provide better services. You may opt-out of the cross-site targeting cookies, but without our essential cookies you may not be able to use the service.
33.
Can You Review or Remove Your Information?
Yes. You can always review your information using our software and panel. You can also request to delete all relevant information.
34.
Compliance With Law Authorities
. We comply with competent and authorized law authorities and shall provide them with information should we receive a valid request.
No Warranty
35. We supply the service on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. Your use of the service is at your own risk and under your liability. We make no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements and (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free and (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable and (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by You through the Service will meet your expectations, or (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
Liability
36. For no case and for no reason shall we be held liable for any damages, direct or indirect, consequential, exemplary, physical or special, to you, any other user or any third party due to its misperformance of duties herein. We provide Service on an AS-IS basis and shall not be held liable, to the extent permitted by law, by any case of misconduct, negligence, gross negligence, malice or any other mean, to any damages or loss of property, including loss of your funds, damages to virtual property, reputation and business reputation, user account information including login information, loss of profits, loss of good name, all resulting from the use or inability to use the services. Our liability for direct damages shall be limited to the fees that you actually paid us during the thirty days prior to the event causing the damage.
Indemnity
37. You hereby warrant and agree to hold us harmless and to indemnify us for any damage, loss, expense, legal expense or cost incurred as a result of your use of the services in direct violation of these terms of service, including any false representation.
Support
38. We provide limited support during regular business hours. Support is provided by email. We may use other support services from time to time. We cannot guarantee the response time for support, but we may provide service according to our own discretion, which might mean that paying customers shall receive faster response times.
Terminating Use of the Service
39. We shall have the right to terminate your use of the service or to terminate the service at any time and by providing a 30 day prior notice.
40. Moreover, we may terminate your use of the service at any time and without prior written notice in any case where you breached these terms and such breach may cause us irreparable harm.
Availability
41. We might disable the service from time to time for scheduled backups, maintenance or upgrades. In some extreme cases, where urgent maintenance is required, we may disable the service immediately and without notice.
Amending These Terms
42. We may amend these terms from time to time, provided that you shall be informed through electronic communication on such amendment and shall be granted the option to terminate your agreements with us by providing a 30 days prior written notice.
Governing Laws, Jurisdiction, No Class Action
43. The laws of the state of Israel shall exclusively govern these terms of service. Any dispute you may raise against us must be brought solely in the competent courts of the Tel-Aviv district. You undertake to initiate only suits on your behalf and not to file any class action lawsuit against us.