Home
/
Privacy Notices
Irish Life Group Privacy Notices
Irish Life Group is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data.
Irish Life Group companies offer a broad range of life assurance, health insurance, pensions and investments products, as well as financial advice and health and wellbeing services.
Our companies collect, use and share personal information so that we can provide you with products and services as data controllers and also in some circumstances as joint data controllers.  What personal data is collected, how your personal data is used and shared and your rights in relation to that data is explained in the Privacy Notice of the relevant Irish Life Group data controller or joint data controllers.
We will direct you to the relevant Privacy Notices when we collect personal information from you, for example when you ask for a quote or apply for one of our products.
Please read these Privacy Notices carefully, as they will explain which Irish Life Group company or companies are responsible for managing your personal data and include specific information about how we will use your personal data in relation to products and services that we provide to you.
MyIrishLife.ie
Our on-line digital services MyIrishLife.ie is a shared service across our Irish Life Group companies, providing a single log in and dashboard of your Irish Life products and services. Where the service is shared our companies are joint data controllers which is explained in each of our Privacy Notices in Section 3. What Personal Information we collect and why.  Contact details for the additional joint data controllers are included in each Privacy Notice in Section 13. Irish Life Joint Data Controllers.
All of our Privacy Notices are available below.
Irish Life Group Data Controller Privacy Notices:
Life Assurance
Irish Life Assurance plc
This notice has been updated August 2024
Open privacy notice
Financial Services
Irish Life Financial Services Ltd
This notice has been updated August 2024
Open privacy notice
Health Insurance
Irish Life Health DAC
This notice has been updated August 2024
Open privacy notice
Proud Supporters
About us
Company
Careers
Sustainability
Solvency & Financial Condition Reports
Gender Pay
Reinsurers
Sustainability Disclosures
Sponsorships
Contact & Help
Contact us
Help Centre
Media
Glossary
Complaints Charter
Cost of living support
Products & Services
Irish Life Assurance Products
Fees and Charges
Individual Pensions
Company Pensions
Life Insurance
Investments
Irish Life Health Products
Health Insurance
Irish Life Financial Services
Get financial advice
© 2020 Irish Life Insurance
Sitemap
Privacy Notice
Social Media
Website Use & Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Irish Life Assurance plc is registered in Ireland. Registered Office: Irish Life Centre, Lower Abbey Street, Dublin 1.
Registered Number: 152576. Irish Life Assurance plc, trading as Irish Life, is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
© 2020 Irish Life Health dac is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. A private company limited by shares.
Registered in Ireland No. 376607. Registered Office Irish Life Centre, Lower Abbey Street, Dublin 1.
Irish Life Financial Services Limited is registered in Ireland. Registered Office: Irish Life Centre, Lower Abbey street, Dublin 1. Registered Number: 489221. Irish Life Financial Services Limited, trading as Irish Life, is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Irish Life Financial Services is an insurance intermediary tied to Irish Life Assurance for life and pensions.