Close-up Privacy Policy
Summary
All photos taken with Close-up are stored solely on the user's device by default. They are not transmitted to any third party service when taken.
Photos deleted within Close-up are cached for a week in the client so that they can be restored. This feature is present to help avoid user data loss.
With Dropbox sync enabled, photos taken in Close-up are synchronized with a user's private Dropbox account. The photos are not copied or stored anywhere else when Dropbox sync is enabled.
Face Data
The only piece of face data that Close-up collects outside of the photos taken themselves is a single, optional set of
three guide lines
for display when taking future photos that mark where the user's eyes, nose, and mouth are. These lines come from a one-time scan using
VNDetectFaceLandmarksRequest
when users
opt into the face grid setting
, and this data is stored privately in the user's iCloud data within
NSUbiquitousKeyValueStore
. No third parties or even the developer of Close-up are able to see this data.
All photos taken in Close-up remain only in Close-up by default. If a user opts in to Dropbox Sync their photos are also securely synched with their personal Dropbox account.
These face data grid lines are used solely to show capture guides when capturing future photos. This helps users better align themselves with previous photos.
Face data is stored as long as users have the "Use capture grid" setting enabled. Disabling this setting removes face data.
Analytics
Close-up uses
Flurry
to log events within the following categories.
Image captures.
Video and GIF creation and playback.
Image, video, and GIF sharing.
In app purchases.
Dropbox sync setup success and synching errors.
Setting up and snoozing of daily reminders.
HEIC photo conversion success.
If the user is prompted to perform a common action, such as make a video or sync with Dropbox.
Close-up also uses Mixpanel to log instances of photos being captured. This logging is done with a
custom library
that ensures minimal data collection.
This data is used by the developer of Close-up alone in order to make decisions about future enhancements to the product and to determine the effectiveness of particular features.