The privacy policy of Lamsa
Welcome to Lamsa platform, a cutting-edge online educational platform operated by Lamsa. In this document, the terms "we," "us," and "our" refer to the Lamsa platform. By engaging with this platform, including all the information, tools, and services provided, you agree to adhere to and be bound by the terms outlined in this privacy policy.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy ("
Policy
") occurs when the user or, if applicable, the respective parent or caregiver visits our Lamsa platform and agrees to the processing of his or her personal data for each of the purposes specified as follows: If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use the Lamsa platform further. However, we'd like to know the sources of your disapproval so that we can improve our products. Please email us at
support@lamsaworld.com
Commitment to Data Privacy
Lamsa takes the privacy of its users very seriously. We do not collect, store, or process the personal data of users beyond the scope of the purposes expressed herein, except as required by law.
What is included in Personal Data?
Personal data refers to any information that can directly or indirectly identify an individual, such as
name
,
IP address
, and
country
.
Handling of Personal Data
During platform Usage:
users may voluntarily disclose personal data, for instance, when making a purchase on Lamsa platform. Additionally, data such as platform usage statistics, quantity of users online, and most used features may be collected indirectly.
Purpose and Legal Basis:
We process personal data transparently. Below are the purposes, types of personal data processed, and their legal basis:
Purpose
Personal Data
Legal Basis
Lamsa platform Access Registration
IP address, geolocation
Legal obligation, legitimate interest
Payment Processing
Name, address, and card details
Contract performance
Communications
Name, email
Contract performance
Avatar Creation
Avatar, name, gender, and age
User consent
Sharing of Personal Data
Lamsa may share personal data with third-party service providers and partners for purposes such as data hosting, analytics, and communication delivery. We ensure these parties maintain a similar level of data protection and privacy as Lamsa.
International Data Transfer
Your personal data may be transferred internationally, including to countries with different data protection laws. By providing your data, you consent to this transfer.
User Rights
Users have rights regarding their personal data, including the right to access, correct, delete, or port their data. For any requests or concerns, contact us at
support@lamsaworld.com
Data Retention and Protection
Lamsa only keeps personal data for as long as is necessary and takes strict precautions to safeguard it from unauthorized access, loss, or misuse.
Contacting Lamsa
For any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or your personal data, please contact us at:
Lamsa FZ LLC
Address:
United Arab Emirates, Abu Dhabi,, Yas Creative Zone, P.O. Box 769294
Email:
support@lamsaworld.com
Website:
https://lamsa.com/
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Lamsa reserves the right to update this privacy policy. Significant changes will be communicated to users and may require new consent.
Additional Terms:
The
United Arab Emirates
is our country of domicile.
Parents or legal guardians must provide verifiable consent before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from children under 18.
Lamsa is committed to protecting the privacy of children and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent.
Parents or legal guardians have the right to review, update, or delete their child's personal information by contacting us.
Payment details provided on the Lamsa platform are transmitted to our payment provider via a secured connection.
We accept payments online using Visa and Mastercard.