Home
FAQ
Contact
Lifestyle
Resources
GPT Assistant
Learn
FAQ
Blog
Clinics
Giving
BP Monitors
Download
‍
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Dec 19th, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Evolve Medical Systems, LLC, 2292, Faraday Ave, Suite 63, Carlsbad, CA 92008, USA.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Health Research Study
, A research study involving human volunteers (also called participants) that is intended to add to medical knowledge.
Health Data
means blood pressure data related to your systolic, diastolic, pulse rate and weight with date and time measurements were taken and associated tags, such as "Before Breakfast" or "After Medication". Health Data also covers ECG data, which is optional to be synced into the Application.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named SmartBP
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Service
refers to the Application.
Country
refers to: Minnesota, United States
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Third-party Social Media Service
refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Facebook Fan Page
is a public profile named Evolve Medical Systems specifically created by the Company on the Facebook social network, accessible from https://www.facebook.com/EvolveMedicalSystems
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, watch or a digital tablet.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Business
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's Personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Usage Data may also include information that qualifies you to participate in Health Research Studies.
Health Research Studies
We may partner with Academic Institutions or other Research Centers to help them recruit you for Health Research Studies. We may use Your Usage Data to determine if you qualify for a study but You decide if you would like to participate in the study or not. To enroll in any Studies, you must first review and sign an informed consent and authorization form (if applicable) ("Informed Consent") for the Study. By using our Application, you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy and as outlined in the Informed Consent. To the extent anything in this Privacy Policy conflicts with the Informed Consent, the terms of the Informed Consent will control.
Information Collected for Health Research Studies
When you download our Application, below are examples of the categories of information (which may include some personal information) that may be collected from or about You through Our Application ("Study Data"). The specific categories of information that will be collected about You as part of a Health Research Study will be described in the Informed Consent. We use the below information to qualify You for a Health Research Study but the data exchange of the Health Research Study itself is between You and the Researcher. This means that while the Researcher may be able to identify You individually (for example, to compensate You for the study with a gift card), We will only know a total count of number of people who successfully enrolled in the study and analytics around it (For example, number of times We prompted qualified users to participate in the study). Again, even if We show You a banner within the App to participate in the study, You decide if you would like to participate in the study or not. We will never share your health data without your formal consent.
Contact information
such as your name, email address, and phone number.
Demographic information
, such as your age, gender, state of residence, and race.
Medical history and information
, such as your blood pressure, pulse rate, weight, BMI, prior medical diagnosis and testing (e.g., Hypertension), current and previous use of certain medications (e.g., blood pressure medications), certain family history (e.g., history of atrial fibrillation) and health habits (e.g., smoking). This information may be collected through in-app surveys or other health surveys that you may be asked to complete.
‍
Technical data
, which in many cases is non-personal information, i.e., data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. Technical data includes, for example, information about your app usage (e.g., when an App was first launched), app version and installation ID, device identifier, and technical data about your device, such as operating system and model.
‍
Adverse event information
, such as a concern, adverse event, or other reportable matter arising in a Study.
‍
Other information
, if any, described in the Informed Consent.
Health Data
We offer an optional premium paid service ("SmartBP Cloud Sync") that allows You to back up your Health Data outside your Device and allows you to access this Health Data on multiple devices, including iOS phones, tablets and Android devices. We do not sell your Health Data. By using our Application, you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected for SmartBP Cloud Sync
When you download our Application, below are examples of the categories of information (which may include some personal information) that may be collected from or about You through Our Application.
Contact information
such as your name, email address, and phone number. This information is used for registering your account on SmartBP Cloud Sync service.
Health Data
such as blood pressure, pulse rate, weight, BMI, with date and time measurements were taken and associated tags, such as "Before Breakfast" or "After Medication". Health Data also covers ECG data, which is optional to be synced into the Application. This information will be stored by our service outside the app and can be accessed on any other mobile devices through your SmartBP Cloud Sync account.
‍
Technical data
, which in many cases is non-personal information, i.e., data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. Technical data includes, for example, information about your app usage (e.g., when an App was first launched), app version and installation ID, device identifier, and technical data about your device, such as operating system and model.
Security of Your Health Data
We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Other Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with your prior permission:
Contact information
such as your name, email address, and phone number.
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. For example, we may publish within the app or through push-notification a survey link for better understanding a potential new feature, idea or a new Application idea. The information, for example, your response to the survey, may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it be simply stored on Your device.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation. We may contact you with surveys or other messages related to the Health Research Studies through in-app notifications, email, or otherwise.
‍
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
‍
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
‍
To enroll you in a Health Research Study
, including determining your eligibility for participation in the Study.
‍
To conduct
, support and issue research findings and related reports for a Health Research Study that You agreed to participate in.
‍
To develop
health-related products and improvement activities.
‍
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.
For Business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With Business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
Retention of Your Personal Data
We do not have access to your health data when you are using the free version of our App or even if you are using premium version but haven't enrolled in SmartBP Cloud Service. The only time we have access to your Personal Health Data is when you enroll in the SmartBP Cloud Service. If you enroll in our SmartBP Cloud Service, You may delete your data at any time from within the SmartBP App. Note: If you delete your health data, you have 60 days to restore the health data. If you delete your account, Your account and all associated data is immediately and permanently deleted from our servers and will not be able to be restored.
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data (for example: encryption at rest, in transit and data minimized collection and usage principles, etc.), We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Cloud Data Services
You have an option to avail our optional premium SmartBP Cloud services that requires a subscription. This service will allow you to store your data on our cloud service and access it on multiple devices.
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
AWS is provided by Amazon
If you have stored any data on AWS, You can delete your data anytime on your own from the SmartBP app
For more information on how AWS uses the collected information, please visit:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Health Apps and Devices
You may choose to share your health data to the following Apps, Devices and Services. To sync data with any of these services, you must grant permissions for SmartBP to read and write your Health data to these services.
Apple Health
Apple Health is provided by Apple
For more information on how Apple Health uses your health information, please visit:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/health-app/
Google Fit
Google Fit is provided by Google
For more information on how Google uses your health information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
File Sharing Services
You have an option to avail our optional premium SmartBP file sharing services that requires a subscription. This service will allow you to share Your data with Your Dropbox or Google Drive account.
Google Drive
Google Drive is provided by Google
If you decide to share your data on Your Google Drive account, your data will be processed as per Google's data processing policy
For more information on how Google may use your collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Dropbox
Dropbox is a file hosting service operated by Dropbox, Inc.
If you decide to share your data on Your Dropbox account, your data will be processed as per Dropbox's data processing policy
For more information on how Dropbox may use your collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Compliance
We use the following service providers to help us monitor compliance to HIPAA and GDPR
Vanta:
We use Vanta to help us streamline our HIPAA and GDPR compliance. Their privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://www.vanta.com/privacy
GDPR Local:
We use GDPR Local as our representatives in the EU and UK.
Their privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://gdprlocal.com/privacy-statement/#
Termly:
We use Termly for our website cookie consent. Their privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://termly.io/our-privacy-policy/
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Adapty
Adapty is a platform to analyze and optimize user engagement and transaction activities.
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Adapty, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://adapty.io/policy/
Amplitude
Amplitude Analytics is a digital analytics platform that helps businesses understand and improve user behavior to make data-driven decisions.
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Amplitude, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Singular
Singular is a marketing analytics platform primarily used for mobile app attribution.
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Singular, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://www.singular.net/data-security-privacy/
Advertising
We may use Service providers to show advertisements to You to help promote, support and maintain Our Service.
Apple Search Ads
Apple Search Ads helps people discover our application on the App Store.
For more information on their privacy policy, visit:
https://searchads.apple.com/privacy
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook Pixel and Facebook and Instagram Ads
Facebook Pixel is a piece of code that is embedded on our website to help us track conversions and serve ads to relevant audiences
You may opt out when you visit our website by declining the cookie consent banner.
Pinterest
Pinterest is a social media company that allows users to share images.
For more information on their privacy policy, visit:
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Quora
Quora is a social question and answer website.
For more information on their privacy policy, visit:
https://www.quora.com/about/privacy
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Email Marketing by MailChimp
Mailchimp is provided by Intuit
You can opt-out of our emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link
For more information on how Mailchimp uses the collected information, please visit:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/
Email Marketing through Webflow
Our website is built on and hosted by Webflow
We use our website mainly to provide educational content, learn about our product and services, FAQ, contact forms for support and links to download our app.
We also provide e-mail sign ups to market our product and services.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://webflow.com/legal/privacy
E-mail Marketing through Shopify
We use Shopify to market and sell our smart blood pressure monitors that automatically connect with SmartBP App.
We use our Shopify page to provide e-mail sign ups to market our product and services.
For more information on how Shopify uses the collected information, please visit:
https://www.shopify.com/legal
E-Commerce
We use the following platforms and services for e-commerce.
Shopify
We use Shopify to market and sell smart blood pressure monitors that automatically connect with SmartBP App and other relevant products.
We share contact and shipping information with our suppliers in order to fulfill an order placed on shopify. This includes logistics providers such as UPS, Fedex or a 3PL provider.
For more information on how Shopify uses the collected information, please visit:
https://www.shopify.com/legal
Amazon
We are a participant in the Amazon Services Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. Links to products on Amazon within our Application and this website may be affiliate links, and if you click through and make a purchase, we may receive a small commission.
For more information on how Amazon uses the collected information, please visit:
https://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=20907011011
Customer and Technical Support Services
We use the following services to provide customer and technical support.
Gmail/Google Workspace
Gmail is provided by Google
We use Gmail to communicate with you through email
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Webflow
Our website is built on and hosted by Webflow
We use our website mainly to provide educational content, learn about our product and services, FAQ, contact forms for support and links to download our app.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://webflow.com/legal/privacy
Trello
Trello is provided by Atlassian
We use Trello for project management activities and may share your requests for new features or issues here.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy
JIRA
JIRA is provided by Atlassian
We use JIRA for tracking issues and planning our sprints and may share your requests for new features or issues here.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy
Slack
Slack is provided by Salesforce
We use Slack for our team messaging communications and may share your requests for new features or issues here.
For more information on how Webflow uses the collected information, please visit:
https://slack.com/trust/privacy/privacy-policy
Google Translate
Google Translate is a translation software service provided by Google
To provide technical and customer support for our non english speaking users, we use google translate.
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
‍
Google Meet
Google Meet is a video conferencing software provided by Google
We use Google Meet for team meetings and may discuss Your requested features or issues here
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
‍
Google Play In-App Payments
. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
‍
Shopify Payments
. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
Paypal Payments.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/us/legalhub/privacy-full
‍
Amazon Payments.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://pay.amazon.com/
Apple Pay.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-pay/
Meta Pay.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://www.facebook.com/payments_terms/privacy
‍
Google Pay.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
If we receive a refund request for an in-app purchase, we may provide Apple with information about the user's in-app purchase activity. This could include details such as time since app installation, total app usage time, an anonymous account identifier, whether the in-app purchase was fully consumed, whether it included a trial period, the total amount spent, and the total amount refunded.
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Right to Restriction.
We access your Personal Health Data only when using the SmartBP Cloud Service, which is an optional service provided through our premium version. You can choose to purchase the premium version and not enroll in this service.
Profiling.
We do not engage in any type of Profiling.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You within 30 days.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
GDPR contacts
DPO Contact
Name:
Pranam Shetty
Email:
pranam@evolvemedsys.com
EU contact
Company name:
Instant EU GDPR Representative Ltd
Address:
Office 2 12A Lower Main Street, Lucan Co. Dublin K78 X5P8 Ireland
Name:
Adam Brogden
Email:
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel:
+ 353 15 549 700
UK contact
Company name:
GDPR Local Ltd
Address:
GDPR Local Ltd 1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street, Brighton England BN1 1EB
Name:
Adam Brogden
Email:
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel:
+ 441 772 217 800
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data collected while using the Service. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page (https://www.facebook.com/EvolveMedicalSystems), the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of Service:
https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
Visit the Facebook Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
for more information about how Facebook manages Personal data or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
Facebook Insights
We use the Facebook Insights function in connection with the operation of the Facebook Fan Page and on the basis of the GDPR, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about Our users.
For this purpose, Facebook places a Cookie on the device of the user visiting Our Facebook Fan Page. Each Cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the Cookie, especially when the user visits the Facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the Facebook Fan Page and services by other companies that use Facebook services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
CCPA Privacy
Your Rights under the CCPA
Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to access / the right to request.
The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data.
You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The right to know about Your Personal Data.
You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected
The sources from which the Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data
Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You
The right to delete Personal Data.
You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, You can email or call us or visit our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell personal information. However, the Service Providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that "sells" personal information as defined by the CCPA law.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following instructions presented on their Service.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will re-obtain your consent on our app if this Privacy policy changes.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: support@evolvemedsys.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.smartbp.app/contact
‍