Privacy
Outdoor and Recreation
Your Privacy Matters to Garmin
Our goal is to make sure you know how we collect, use, share, and store your personal data when you use the Garmin Explore™ website, create an account, activate and use your inReach® device, utilize inReach® satellite subscription services, and/or use a compatible app, such as the Earthmate™,  Garmin Explore™, Garmin Messenger™ or Alpha Hunt apps.
What personal data does Garmin collect?
While exploring the outdoors with Garmin, you might save your favorite routes and waypoints, send messages or your location to friends and family, or — in the case of an unforeseen issue — communicate with Garmin Response℠ and emergency service personnel. We ask for personal data — such as your name, email address, location, and other information — so you can sign in to your account, receive personalized support, receive important safety information about your devices and services, and get the most out of our products.
Learn more
When You Make a Garmin Account
Garmin stores information such as your name, email address, and password so you can sign in. It also helps us verify your account if you call customer support.
When You Get an inReach Subscription
inReach® service plans provide off-grid communication, interactive SOS, tracking and more via the Iridium® satellite network. Due to the comprehensive nature of inReach® service plans, additional information is required to be collected. For example, we process your phone number and email address so we can communicate with you as necessary and relay your billing information.
When You Use inReach Services
Our inReach® products and satellite communication services enable you to send an interactive SOS alert in an emergency. To appropriately respond to an SOS activation, we may need to use the location of your inReach® device, emergency information from your account, and text, SMS, and email messages sent to and from your inReach® device.
When You Sync Devices
When you sync devices, data such as your IP address, sync time and date, and battery level will be uploaded to Garmin.
When You Upload Activities From the Garmin Explore App
If you choose to upload recorded activities or tracked routes from the Garmin Explore™ or Earthmate® app to your Garmin account, we collect data from those activities so you can view and analyze it. You can even share it with others — but you don’t have to. You can withdraw your consent and delete activities or tracked routes at any time.
When You Contact Garmin
We know you might want to stay off the grid, but we may collect things such as your contact, device, or subscription information during support calls to ensure that you get the help you need.
View Full Privacy Policy
Why does Garmin ask for your personal data?
From providing product support to providing efficient emergency response services, any information we ask you for is used to improve your experience with Garmin.
Learn more
To Keep You Informed
When we have something important to tell you about your products, apps, subscriptions, or account — such as vital safety information, app updates, new products or deals, and updates to our privacy policy — we use collected contact information to reach you.
To Improve Our Sites and Apps
When you visit our sites or use our apps, we collect information — such as your IP address, location, times that you visit, and more — to let us know how people navigate our sites and apps and how we can improve them.
To Give You Information You Might Actually Find Interesting
We use things such as cookies, pixel tags, and similar tools to help us provide better, more relevant content on our sites.
We also use these tools to see how effective our ads are and to identify any problems that we need to fix. All in all, we just want to give you websites worth browsing.
View Full Privacy Policy
Does Garmin sell your personal data?
No! We don’t sell your personal data to anyone. And we only share your personal data with others in specific situations.
Learn more
Data Shared with Emergency Responders
When you trigger an SOS emergency alert, Garmin Response℠ will provide relevant data to emergency responders to provide them with any information they might need to assist you.
Data Shared with Your Emergency Contacts
You can add emergency contacts to your account. In the event of an SOS, Garmin Response℠ will reach out to your emergency contacts to collect additional information and provide incident updates.
Data Shared with Service Providers
Garmin may utilize select third party platforms for the purpose of sending you emails, or allowing you to send messages from your inReach® device to email addresses and phone numbers.
Data Shared Within Garmin
Garmin is global, which means that Garmin has companies all over the world that work together to provide our products/services and support our business. No matter which Garmin company handles your information, it is still secured under this privacy policy.
Data Shared for Legal Reasons
We will share your personal data when required to by law enforcement and in other legal matters.
View Full Privacy Policy
How can you share your personal data?
Your personal data belongs to you, and you control what you share and with whom you share it.
Learn more
MapShare Page
You can invite family, friends, or others to follow your progress, send you messages, or to ping your device location by using the web-based MapShare™ portal. You can even post a link to your page on a website or blog.
Social Media
You may choose to enable posting to Facebook and Twitter accounts from your inReach® device or compatible app.
View Full Privacy Policy
Do you have to upload your personal data to Garmin?
Nope. You can use your device without uploading data to Garmin, however, you won’t be able to use features associated with the satellite subscription including messaging, SOS, tracking and weather.
View Full Privacy Policy
How can you manage your personal data?
Visit our
Account Management Center
to manage your data or exercise your rights. If you have questions about your rights,
click here
to learn more.
View Full Privacy Policy