Our Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 21, 2025
FLUIK ENTERTAINMENT INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Commitment
Effective Date May 25th, 2018
This Privacy Policy applies to Fluik Entertainment Inc. games, websites and services
                            on which it is placed (“Services“) and details information we collect, use and disclose
                            about our users, including you. If you live in the European Union, we inform you that
                            our Services are provided in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We collect and use your information internally and may disclose your information to
                            third parties, outside of Fluik Entertainment Inc., in certain situations described
                            in the Privacy Policy.
The Privacy Policy addresses two kinds of information: (1) personal information, and
                            (2) anonymous information. Personal information identifies you and includes, for
                            example, your name, telephone number, address, email address and other information
                            that you provide to us. Anonymous information does not identify you, such as
                            statistical data about how you use the Services, and can be combined with anonymous
                            information about other users.
1. VISIT TO OUR WEBSITE
Every time you visit our website Fluik Entertainment Inc., our system automatically
                            collects data and information from your computer system.
The following data is collected and stored in log files:
Information about the browser type and version used
                            The user’s operating system
                            The Internet service provider of the user
                            The IP address of the user
                            Date and time of access
                            Websites from which the user’s system reaches our website
                            Websites accessed by the user’s system via our website
                            The log files contain IP addresses or other personal information. The data is
                            stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other
                            personal information of the user.
By clicking the “I Agree” button or by using the Services, you are agreeing to be
                            bound by the Privacy Policy.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We only collect and use personal information of our users insofar as this is
                            necessary to provide the Services. We only collect and process personal information
                            only with the user’s consent or in those cases in which the collection and
                            processing of the personal information is permitted by law.
We collect your personal information in the following circumstances:
To register for the Services, we may collect your name, email address, state/province
                            and country of residence, zip/postal code, birthdate and gender;
                            when you signup for a Fluik Entertainment Inc. newsletter, we collect your name and email address;
                            if you connect the Services to a social media account, such as Facebook, we
                            collect your name, email address, profile picture, age range, gender and
                            other information you make public on Facebook, in addition to your friend list
                            (unless you affirmatively revoke such collection);
                            we collect your geolocation data when you use the Services, which we associate
                            with your personal and anonymous information;
                            if you create an account with the Services, or connect the Services to
                            a social media account, such as Facebook, your personal information may be
                            linked to otherwise anonymous information collected in accordance with the
                            Privacy Policy, such as how you use the Services or items you purchased at
                            online stores associated with the Services; and
                            if you contact us for customer service, we may for authentication purposes
                            and customer care, collect your email address, first and last name and, if
                            required, Facebook information, and associate this personal information
                            with anonymous information, such as information about your device.
                            Please note that while the Services may allow you to visit as a guest and
                            remain anonymous, you may not be able to access all content and features
                            without providing personal information.
3. ANONYMOUS INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect anonymous information from you, which may be provided to us by a
                            third party, including but not limited to:
Metrics and other types of statistical data, which could be derived from your
                            use of the Services, for example how you interact with the Services;
                            how you access the Services, for example, computer operating system and web
                            browser, type of mobile device and unique device identifier, device settings,
                            SDK version, mobile advertising identifier (Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID
                            or Android ID), MAC address, IP address, Wi-Fi information, your “click path”
                            through the Services and the web site or advertisement that was linked to or
                            from the Services;
                            diagnostic information concerning the Services, for example, logs, error reports
                            and events and the type, number, date and page relating to this information; and
                            apps you have installed and enabled and how you use those applications.
                            Please note that while your computer or mobile device may allow you to turn
                            off the collection of some of the above information, you may not be able to access
                            all content and features on the Services.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal and anonymous information internally for purposes that include:
To provide the Services to you, such as hosting and displaying information,
                            providing updates, developing, improving or expanding the Services and addressing technical issues;
                            to generate and analyze information about our users so we can better
                            understand them and how they use the Services and draw trends and predictions based on this information;
                            to serve you advertisements, provided by Fluik Entertainment Inc. or third
                            parties, on the Services, as well as for marketing and promotional purposes;
                            to send Service-related push notifications to your device;
                            to establish and maintain your account on the Services and to protect the security of your account;
                            to provide customer support or to resolve customer issues;
                            to inform you of changes to the Services, such as outages, suspensions or
                            other material changes, which could occur through email or a push notification
                            sent to your device; and
                            if you signed up for any Fluik Entertainment Inc. newsletter, to contact you by
                            email for Fluik Entertainment Inc. news, promotional purposes or market research
                            and that you may opt-out of by clicking an opt-out link located in such an email.
5. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
We disclose your information outside of Fluik Entertainment Inc. for the following purposes:
We disclose your information to third parties who provide services on our behalf,
                            as described in the Privacy Policy;
                            for internal Fluik Entertainment Inc. purposes, we may disclose your personal and
                            anonymous information to our parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries and contractors;
                            for a list of plug-ins we use, click here.
                            we disclose your information to law enforcement or other appropriate third parties
                            in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement
                            of intellectual property rights, other suspected illegal activities or as otherwise
                            may be required by applicable law or, as we deem necessary in our sole discretion,
                            in order to protect the legitimate legal and business interests of Fluik Entertainment Inc.; and
                            in the event of, or in preparation for, a change of ownership or control of Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc., a business transition, such as the sale of some, or all,
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc. assets, or the bankruptcy of Fluik Entertainment Inc.,
                            we may disclose and or assign your personal and anonymous information to third parties
                            who will have the right to continue to use such information in the manner set forth
                            in the Privacy Policy.
6. COOKIES AND THIRD PARTY SERVICES
You consent to us using tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons and clear gifs,
                            (“Tracking Technologies“) which assist us to analyze the Services’ functionality,
                            analyze technical issues, send useful notifications to user devices, track use of
                            the Services and generate reports and data models that we use to improve the Services.
We use third parties, who we share your information with. These third party services
                            may be embedded into the Services, such as through an API or SDK, or may take the
                            form of Tracking Technologies which enable these third parties to collect information
                            on our behalf and who may collect information from you to assist us with, for example,
                            serving advertisements, fulfilling a purpose you requested of us (for example,
                            billing services), customer support and feedback, analyzing Services functionality
                            and technical issues, sending useful notifications to user devices, tracking use
                            of the Services and generating reports and data models that we use to improve the Services.
Information collected by third parties is governed by the applicable third party
                            privacy policy, which may provide for broader information collection than collected by
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc.. These third parties may use your information internally and
                            disclose your information to others and we strongly recommend that you read each
                            third party privacy policy carefully before providing your information.
A list of third party services used by Fluik Entertainment Inc., and corresponding
                            privacy policies, is available by contacting us at: support@fluik.com
7. ADVERTISING
The Services may contain advertisements served by third parties. These advertisements
                            use Tracking Technologies to collect information about you, for example, demographics,
                            location and device information, in order to serve you appropriate advertisements and
                            to recognize your device each time a third party serves you an advertisement. Based
                            on this information, third parties may be able to resolve your identity across multiple
                            devices, for example, matching your IP address across multiple devices, in order to
                            target advertisements to you based on your online behavior. This information is collected,
                            used and disclosed in accordance with the terms of the applicable third party privacy policy,
                            as described in section 4 above.
You may be able to opt-out of mobile behavioral advertising by accessing the settings
                        on your Apple or Android device and selecting the appropriate advertisement tracking settings.
8. SERVICE COMMUNICATION FEATURES
Your username and profile picture on the Services are visible to other users of the
                        Services. We recommend you exercise discretion when selecting your username and profile
                        picture and when using the Services. Personal information disclosed by you within our
                        chat areas, instant message service, message boards or during use of the Services
                        can be collected by other users and may result in unsolicited messages. We are not
                        responsible for protecting such information that you may disclose to third parties
                        through our Services (for example, sending your telephone number to another user
                        through the chat service). To the extent that you create a public profile that may
                        be available to others on our Services, you are solely responsible for its content
                        and accuracy. To edit, change, or delete the above information, follow the instructions
                        provided in the Services.
9. COOKIES
A cookie is a file that is sent by a service through your browser to your computer,
                        if your browser is enabled to accept cookies, in order to store certain information
                        on your computer and communicate with a service while you are online. Internet browsers
                        will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of
                        cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your
                        browser instructions or “Help” screen to learn more about how to manage and block
                        cookies. Please note that, if you block cookies, some portions of the Services may
                        not function properly.
10. CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Do Not Track, or DNT, is a web browser setting that requests that a web application
                            disable its tracking of you. When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your
                            browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies,
                            advertising networks, plug-in providers and other web services you encounter
                            while browsing to stop tracking your activity. Currently, there is no DNT technology
                            standard and, as a result, the Services do not respond to DNT signals.
11. CALIFORNIA “SHINE THE LIGHT” RIGHT
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.82 grants you
                        the right to request Fluik Entertainment Inc.’s disclosure of the categories of
                        personal information we provided to third parties, and the names and addresses
                        of these third parties, for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar
                        year. If you are a California resident and would to make this request, please
                        contact us at support@fluik.com or:
Fluik Entertainment Inc.
    Attn: Legal / Privacy Officer
    7313 Roper Road NW
    Edmonton, Alberta
    CANADA
Please note that you may only make this request once per year.
12. ACCESSING OR CHANGING INFORMATION YOU PROVIDED TO US
You may contact Fluik Entertainment Inc. to obtain a copy of any personal information
                            we have collected about you, the production of which may be subject to a fee as
                            permitted by applicable law. In addition, you may contact Fluik Entertainment Inc.
                            to correct or delete such information, except to the extent that retention is
                            necessary for our legitimate business purposes, required by applicable law,
                            in the control of a third party or where correction or deletion is not technically feasible.
If you have any questions or would like to access or change your information via email,
                            please contact us at support@fluik.com.
13. INFORMATION STORAGE AND RETENTION
While Fluik Entertainment Inc. is a Canadian company, the data you provide through
                            the Services is stored and processed by third parties in countries around the world.
                            You authorize Fluik Entertainment Inc. and third parties acting on Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc.’s behalf to use and process your data in any country of their choosing,
                            which may cause your data, including personal and anonymous information, to
                            be subject to privacy protections and legal rights that may not be equivalent
                            to those in your country.
Your personal information is retained until you request its deletion pursuant to
                            section 12 or until Fluik Entertainment Inc. no longer requires such information
                            for the purpose for which it was collected.
14. INFORMATION FOR EUROPEAN UNION PERSONS
For persons in European Union countries, terms such as “personal information”
                            as used herein refer to “personal data” as defined by the Art. 4 para. 1 GDPR.
                            We will not collect any personal data from you unless you provide it under the
                            terms of the Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you agree that we may
                            transfer your personal information outside the European Union in connection
                            with the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy. Your personal data will be
                            transferred to the United States (and/or other non-EU jurisdictions, as applicable).
a) Legal basis for the processing of personal information
Insofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for the processing of
                            personal information, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis.
If the processing of personal information required for the performance of a
                            contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR
                            serves as the legal basis. This also applies to steps at the request of the
                            data subject prior to entering into a contract.
Insofar as the processing of personal information is processing is necessary
                            for compliance with a legal obligation to which Fluik Entertainment Inc.
                            is subject, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis.
In the event that processing of personal information is necessary in order
                            to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural
                            person, Art. 6 para 1 lit. d GDPR serves as the legal basis.
                            In the event that processing of personal information is necessary for the
                            performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise
                            of official authority vested in Fluik Entertainment Inc., Art. 6 para 1 lit. e GDPR
                            serves as the legal basis.
If processing of personal information is necessary for the purposes of the
                            legitimate interests pursued by Fluik Entertainment Inc. or by a third party,
                            except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental
                            rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal
                            information, in particular where the data subject is a child, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f
                            DSGVO serves as the legal basis for processing.
b) Retention of personal information
The personal information will be deleted or access will be restricted as soon as
                            the purpose of storage ceases to apply. The data will also be deleted or access
                            will be restricted if a storage period expires, unless there is a need for further
                            storage of the personal information for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract.
c) Visit to the website fluik.com
The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data identified in Section above
                            in log files is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
                            The purpose of data processing the temporary storage of the IP address by the
                            system is necessary to enable the website to be accessed by to the user’s computer.
                            For this reason, the IP address of the user must remain stored for the duration of
                            the session. The data is stored in log files to ensure the functionality of the
                            website. In addition, the data serves us to optimize the website and to ensure the
                            security of our information technology systems. These are our legitimate interest
                            in data processing pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. An evaluation of the data
                            for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
                            The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose
                            for which it collected.
                            If the data is stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest.
                            Further storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted
                            or alienated, so that the personal information is anonymized.
                            The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in
                            log files is necessary for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no
                            possibility of objection on the part of the user.
Google Analytics
Our Website makes use of Google Analytics, a Web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”).
                            Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files which are saved on your computer
                            and through which an analysis of website usage is enabled. The information generated
                            by the cookie about your usage of this website is normally transmitted to a Google server
                            in the USA and saved there. In case of activation of the IP anonymisation of this website,
                            your IP address will however first be abbreviated by Google within the member states of
                            the European Union, or other contracting member states of the Treaty of the European
                            Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases shall the full IP address be transmitted to a
                            Google server in the USA, and then be abbreviated there. On our behalf, Google will
                            use this information in order to analyze your use of the website, to compile reports
                            regarding website activities and to render further services to us associated with
                            website and Internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope
                            of Google Analytics will not be combined with other data from Google. You can prevent
                            the storage of cookies by setting your browser appropriately; however it should be noted
                            that in this case it may not be possible to use all functions of this website to their
                            full extent. Furthermore, you can prevent the recording of data generated by the cookie
                            and data related to your usage of the website (incl. your IP address) by Google, as well
                            as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in
                            available under the following link.
For more information, please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/privacyoverview.html
d) Cookies and third party services
The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is facilitate the use of the services
                            to the users. Some functions of Services cannot be offered without the use of cookies.
                            The purpose of technically not necessary cookies is the improvement of the Services.
The legal basis for the processing of personal information using technically necessary
                            cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of personal information using cookies for analytical
                            purposes is, in the case of existing consent, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Cookies are stored on the user’s computer and transmitted to us. Therefore, you as a user
                            have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the transmission
                            of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already
                            been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies
                            are deactivated, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the Services in
                            full. The transmission of Flash cookies cannot be prevented via the browser settings,
                            but by changing the Flash Player settings.
e) Email newsletter
You can subscribe to a free newsletter. When registering for the newsletter, the personal
                            information namely name and email address, is transmitted to us. No personal information
                            is passed on to third parties. The data will be used exclusively for sending the newsletter.
The collection of the user’s e-mail address serves the purpose of sending the newsletter.
The legal basis for the processing of personal information using cookies for analytical
                            purposes is, in the case of existing consent, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The personal information will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve
                            the purpose for which they were collected. The user’s e-mail address will therefore be
                            stored for as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active. The user may cancel
                            the subscription to the newsletter at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the
                            end of each email newsletter.
f) Registration to the Services via Facebook
In order to use some of our Services, you may register by providing personal information
                            via Facebook (see above). The data will not be passed on to third parties.
The registration is necessary to access the Services through Facebook Gameroom.
The legal basis for the processing of personal information in the course of the registration
                            is a contractual relation according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
The personal information will be deleted once the respective game was removed from
                            Facebook Gameroom. You may at any time remove the game from Facebook Gameroom. If the
                            personal information is required to fulfil a contract, premature deletion of the personal
                            information is only possible if Fluik Entertainment Inc. is not bound by contrasting
                            contractual or statutory obligations.
g) Rights of the data subject
If your personal information is processed, you have the following rights vis-à-vis Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc.. To invoke those rights, please send an e-mail to support@fluik.com
                            specifying the type of request.
aa) Right of access
You have the right to obtain from Fluik Entertainment Inc. confirmation as to whether
                            or not personal information concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the
                            case, access to the personal data and the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
                            the categories of personal data concerned;
                            the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will
                            be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
                            where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if
                            not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
                            the existence of the right to request from Fluik Entertainment Inc. rectification or
                            erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal information or to
                            object to such processing;
                            the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
                            where the personal data are not collected from you, any available information as to their source;
                            the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in
                            Art. 22 para. 1 and 4 and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about
                            the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of
                            such processing for you.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning
                            you is transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this
                            context, you may request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to
                            Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transmission.
bb) Right of rectification
You have the right to obtain from Fluik Entertainment Inc. within undue delay the
                            rectification of inaccurate or incomplete personal information. Taking into account
                            the purposes of the processing, you shall have the right to have incomplete personal
                            information completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
cc) Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)
You shall have the right to obtain from Fluik Entertainment Inc. the erasure of
                            personal information concerning without undue delay and Fluik Entertainment Inc.
                            shall have the obligation to erase personal information without undue delay where
                            one of the following grounds applies:
the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for
                            which they were collected or otherwise processed;
                            you withdraw consent on which the processing is based according to Art. 6 para.1
                            lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR, and where there is no other legal
                            ground for the processing;
                            you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding
                            legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para 2 GDPR;
                            the personal information has been unlawfully processed;
                            the personal information has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in the European Union
                            the personal information has been collected in relation to the offer of information society
                            services referred to in Article 8 para.1.
                            Where Fluik Entertainment Inc. has made the personal information public and is
                            obliged pursuant to the above to erase the personal information, Fluik Entertainment Inc.,
                            taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take
                            reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing
                            the personal data that the data subject has requested the erasure by such controllers
                            of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.
The right to erasure shall not apply to the extent that processing is necessary:
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
                            for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by the European Union
                            or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest
                            for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
dd) Right to restriction of processing
You shall have the right to obtain from Fluik Entertainment Inc. restriction of processing
                            where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by yourself, for a period enabling Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc. to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
                            the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal
                            information and requests the restriction of their use instead;
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc. no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the
                            processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise
                            or defence of legal claims;
                            You have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 pending the verification
                            whether the legitimate grounds of Fluik Entertainment Inc. override those of the data subject.
                            Where processing has been restricted, such personal data shall, with the exception of
                            storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or
                            defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal
                            person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or of a Member State.
If you have obtained restriction of processing pursuant to the above, you shall be
                            informed by Fluik Entertainment Inc. before the restriction of processing is lifted.
ee) Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal information, which you have provided to Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc., in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have
                            the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller
                            to which the personal information have been provided, where:
the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 para 1 lit. a or Art. 6 para 1
                            lit. b or Art. 2 para 2 lit. a
                            the processing is carried out by automated means.
                            The right shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In exercising your right to data portability you shall have the right to have the
                            personal information transmitted directly from one controller to another, where
                            technically feasible.
The exercise of this right shall be without prejudice to the right of erasure. That
                            right shall not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task carried
                            out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
ff) Notification regarding rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing
Fluik Entertainment Inc. shall communicate any rectification or erasure of personal
                            data or restriction of processing carried to each recipient to whom the personal data
                            have been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc. will inform you about those recipients if the you request it.
gg) Right to object
You shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation,
                            at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her which is based on Art.
                            6 para. 1 lit e) or lit. f). Fluik Entertainment Inc. shall no longer process the
                            personal information unless it demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the
                            processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or
                            for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Where personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you shall have
                            the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data for such marketing,
                            which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal information
                            shall no longer be processed for such purposes.
At the latest at the time of the first communication with you, the right referred to
                            above shall be explicitly brought to your attention shall be presented clearly and
                            separately from any other information.
In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding
                            Directive 2002/58/EC, you may exercise his or her right to object by automated means
                            using technical specifications.
hh) Automated individual decision-making
The you shall have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated
                            processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly
                            affects you.
This shall not apply if the decision:
is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between you and Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc.
                            is authorised by European Union law and which also lays down suitable measures to
                            safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or
                            is based on your explicit consent.
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc. shall implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights
                            and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention
                            on the part of Fluik Entertainment Inc., to express his or her point of view and to
                            contest the decision.
Decisions shall not be based on special categories of personal data referred to in
                            unless Art. 9 para.2 lit. a) or lit g) applies and suitable measures to safeguard
                            your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests are in place.
ii) Right of complain to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the
                            right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Member
                            State where you reside, work or suspect of infringement, if you believe that the
                            processing of personal information concerning you is not in compliance with GDPR.
                            The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the
                            complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility
                            of a judicial remedy under Art. 78 GDPR.
15. If you are UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Fluik Entertainment Inc. complies with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection
                            Act and all other applicable laws and regulations concerning children and the Internet.
                            If you are under the age of 13, you may not create an account on or use the Services.
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc. will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal
                            information from children under the age of 13.
16. If you are BETWEEN THE AGE OF 13 AND 18
If you are between the age of 13 and 18, please have your parent or guardian read
                            the Privacy Policy and get his or her permission before you provide any personal
                            information and before you sign up for or use the Services. Never tell anyone online
                            anything private about yourself or your family, including your phone number and address,
                            unless your parent or guardian has approved. Understand that certain social media
                            platforms that you use to access the Services may have this information visible. Use
                            screen names whenever possible to protect your identity. Some areas of the Services
                            may have special rules for children under the age of 18. When you are in those areas,
                            you must follow those rules.
17. INFORMATION FOR PARENTS/GUARDIANS
Fluik Entertainment Inc. encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with
                            their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the Internet,
                            including our Services. Parents and guardians should regularly oversee their children’s
                            use of e-mail and other online communications and transactional features. Control tools
                            are available from online services and software manufacturers that can help provide a
                            safe online environment for kids.
If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child has submitted his
                            or her personal information without your permission or consent, Fluik Entertainment Inc.
                            will take reasonable steps to remove that information from the Fluik Entertainment Inc.
                            database at your request. To request removal of your child’s information, please send
                            an e-mail to support@fluik.com.
18. SECURITY
While Fluik Entertainment Inc. takes precautions against possible breaches in the Services,
                            no website, application or Internet transmission is completely secure. For example, Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc. employs a security technology known as a secure-socket-layer, or SSL,
                            to protect the transmission of critical account information through the Services. However,
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc. cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss,
                            or other breaches will never occur. Your use of the Services is at your own risk. Fluik
                            Entertainment Inc. urges you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by
                            memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place (separate from your account information),
                            logging out of your account and closing your web browser.
19. UPDATES
Fluik Entertainment Inc. reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change or modify
                            or to add or remove portions of the Privacy Policy at any time (“Updates“). We agree to
                            notify you of Updates through a Services message and to make them available at http://www.fluik.com .
                            You are deemed to have accepted any Update by continuing to use the Services. Unless
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc. states otherwise, Updates are automatically effective 30 days
                            after being posted on http://www.fluik.com.
20. EMAIL and Push notification PREFERENCES
We communicate with our users primarily by email. If you would like to change the email
                            preferences we associate with you (for example, unsubscribing from receiving certain
                            types of email) you may do so by clicking a link within emails that we send to you. If
                            you would like to opt out of receiving push notifications from Fluik Entertainment Inc.,
                            to the extent permitted, you may do so by changing the notification settings on your device.
21. OTHER IMPORTANT AGREEMENTS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF the SERVICES
In addition to the Privacy Policy, your rights and obligations concerning our Services are
                            governed by the Fluik Entertainment Inc. Terms of Use and other applicable policies,
                            guidelines and requirements. When you sign up to use our Services, please review each
                            agreement carefully as you must agree to be bound by each agreement before you may use the Services.
22. CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about the Privacy Policy or Fluik Entertainment Inc.’s
                            information collection in general, please contact us at support@fluik.com or:
Fluik Entertainment Inc.
    Attn: Legal / Privacy Officer
    7313 Roper Road NW
    Edmonton, Alberta
    CANADA
All personal information you provide via email or mail concerning the Privacy Policy or
                            Fluik Entertainment Inc.’s information collection practices will be kept confidential.
Questions? Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy,
                            please contact us by email at support@fluik.com.