Privacy Policy
Publication date: May 13, 2024
The current version is available at:
https://moroz.team/legal/confidential
1. What this privacy policy governs
This privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the Policy) applies to all information, including personal data within the meaning of applicable law (hereinafter referred to as the Personal Information), which Moroz A.V. and/or its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as the “Moroz Team”) may obtain information about you in the course of your use of any Moroz Team websites, programs, products and/or services (collectively referred to as the “Services”), information about which you can find on the moroz.team websites and other websites owned by Moroz Team (collectively, the "Sites"), as well as in the course of the performance by Moroz Team / its affiliates of any agreements and contracts concluded with you in connection with your use of the Services. Moroz Team may also receive Personal Information from its partners (hereinafter referred to as "Partners"), the sites, programs, products or services of which you use (for example, from Moroz Team advertisers), from other sources with publicly available personal data. In appropriate cases, the transfer of Personal Information is possible only in cases established by applicable law, and is carried out on the basis of special agreements between Moroz Team and each of the Partners.
Please note that the use of any of the Sites and/or Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may modify and/or add to this Policy and/or have special terms regarding personal information posted in the relevant sections of the documents for such Sites /or Services.
2. Who processes the information
To ensure your use of the Sites and Services, your Personal Information is collected and used by Moroz Team.
3. What is the purpose of this Policy
The protection of your Personal Information and your privacy is extremely important to Moroz Team. Therefore, when you use the Sites and Services, Moroz Team protects and processes your Personal Information in strict accordance with applicable law.
In keeping with our responsibility to protect your Personal Information, we would like to be as transparent as possible in this Policy about the following points:
4. What Personal Information Moroz Team collects about you
Personal information collected in the course of operation of the Sites and/or provision of the Services, as well as in the course of using the sites, programs, products or services of Partners, may differ depending on whether you use your account to access them or not. Where you log in to your account, the Personal Information collected about you by Moroz Team during your use of the Sites and Services may be matched and linked to other Personal Information collected by Moroz Team as part of your use of your account ( such as your identity, contact details, age and gender if provided by the Moroz Team).
Moroz Team does not verify the Personal Information provided by you, except as provided for by the user agreement or the terms of use of individual Services, and cannot judge its accuracy, as well as whether you have sufficient legal capacity to provide your Personal Information. However, Moroz Team assumes that you provide accurate and sufficient Personal Information and keep it up to date.
Moroz Team may collect the following categories of Personal Information about you when you use the Sites and Services:
personal information provided by you during registration (creating an account): your name, phone number, e-mail addresses. The specified information may be transferred by you during registration using external authentication services (Google, Yandex, Apple);
electronic data (HTTP headers, IP address, cookies, browser ID data, hardware and software information, wi-fi network data);
date and time of access to the Sites and/or Services;
information about your activity while using the Sites and / or Services (for example, information about interaction with other users, as well as files and content stored in Moroz Team systems);
other information about you necessary for processing in accordance with the terms governing the use of specific Moroz Team Sites or Services;
information about you that we receive from our Partners in accordance with the terms of the agreements concluded between you and the relevant Partner, and agreements concluded between the Moroz Team and the Partner;
details of your payment cards, other payment information provided by you, as well as received from Partners or other persons involved in the payment transaction using the Moroz Team Sites or Services and / or in connection with the provision of Moroz Team paid services.
Moroz Team does not collect sensitive personal information (such as racial origin, political views, health information, and biometric data), except as provided in the terms of use of individual Services.
Moroz Team does not collect data for the purpose of compiling a "portrait" of the user to the extent that this may significantly affect your rights and freedoms in accordance with applicable law.
4.1. Information received from Google APIs
Information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
5. What is the legal basis and purposes of processing your Personal Information
Moroz Team is not entitled to process your Personal Information without sufficient legal grounds. Therefore, Moroz Team processes your Personal Information only if:
processing is necessary for the performance of contracts between you and Moroz Team, such as the Moroz Team Services User Agreement https://moroz.team/legal/rules and the terms of certain Moroz Team Services, which also includes the operation of the Sites and Services;
the processing is necessary to comply with legal obligations;
where provided by applicable law, processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Moroz Team in the event that such processing does not significantly affect your interests, your fundamental rights and freedoms. Please note that when processing your personal information on this basis, Moroz Team will always strive to maintain a balance between its legitimate interests and the protection of your privacy.
Moroz Team processes your Personal Information for its legitimate interests, for example, in the following cases:
to better understand how you interact with our Sites and/or Services;
to improve, change, personalize or otherwise improve the Sites and Services for the benefit of all users;
for specific purposes or as required by applicable law, we may request your separate consent to process your Personal Information.
For jurisdictions where consent is recognized as a separate legal basis, your use of the Moroz Team Sites and/or Services constitutes your consent to such processing. We hereby inform you, and you acknowledge, that you have no obligation to provide us with any Personal Information when you use the Sites or Services, and such provision is based solely on your free will. However, you acknowledge that without providing Personal Information, we will not be able to provide you with the opportunity to use the Services, and your use of the Sites will be limited.
Moroz Team always processes your Personal Information for certain purposes and only that Personal Information that is relevant to the achievement of such purposes. In particular, we process your Personal Information for the following purposes:
providing you with access to the Sites and/or Services;
providing access to your account;
communicating with you to send you notices, requests and information related to the operation of the Sites and Services, to fulfill agreements with you and to process your requests and applications;
protection of your rights and the rights of Moroz Team;
collection, processing and presentation of statistical data, big data and other research;
identifying security threats to the Sites and Services, users, Moroz Team and/or third parties, including checking your reliability when concluding contracts using the Sites and Services;
organizing the acceptance of your payments, your payment for goods and services using the Sites and Services.
6. How Moroz Team Protects Your Personal Information
In most cases, Personal Information is processed automatically without access to it by any of the Moroz Team employees. If such access is needed, then it can be provided only to those Moroz Team employees who need it to perform their tasks. To protect and maintain data privacy, all employees must comply with internal policies and procedures regarding the processing of Personal Information. They must also follow all technical and organizational security measures in place to protect your Personal Information.
Moroz Team has also implemented sufficient technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from unauthorized, accidental or illegal destruction, loss, alteration, misuse, disclosure or access, as well as other illegal forms of processing. These security measures have been implemented taking into account the state of the art, the cost of their implementation, the risks associated with the processing and nature of Personal Information.
7. Who else has access to your Personal Information and to whom it may be shared
Moroz Team may transfer Personal Information to third parties in order to achieve the purposes specified in Section 5 of this Policy. Please note that the level of protection of Personal Information in some countries may not match the level established in your jurisdiction, and by using the Moroz Team Services, you consent to such transfer.
Such third parties may include:
persons involved in organizing the acceptance of your payments and conducting payment transactions using the Sites and Services (international payment systems, providers of payment instruments, banks and other financial organizations, etc.).
any national and / or international regulatory authorities, law enforcement agencies, central or local executive authorities, other official or state bodies or courts in respect of which Moroz Team is required to provide information in accordance with applicable law upon request;
third parties, if you have expressed your consent to the transfer of your Personal Information or the transfer of Personal Information is required to provide you with the relevant Service or to fulfill a certain agreement or contract concluded with you;
any third party in order to provide legal protection to Moroz Team or third parties if you violate the Moroz Team Services End User License Agreement
https://moroz.team/legal/rules
, this Policy or the terms governing the use of individual Services, or in a situation where there is a risk of such violation.
8. Where your Personal Information is stored and processed
Your Personal Information will be stored in the Russian Federation.
Moroz Team records, systematizes, accumulates, stores, clarifies (updates, changes), extracts personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation using databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation.
If you are located in a territory where your consent is required for the transfer of your Personal Information to another jurisdiction, then by using the Sites or Services, you give Moroz Team your explicit and unambiguous consent to such transfer or storage and / or processing of information in other specified jurisdictions, including Russia.
9. How long do we keep your Personal Information
Moroz Team will retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Unless otherwise required by law or by agreement with you, electronic data that you store on Moroz Team systems as part of the Service will be retained for as long as you have an account, but it may be deleted by you at any time.
If you want any of your Personal Information to be removed from the databases of Moroz Team, you can independently remove the necessary Personal Information through the interface of the Sites and / or Services (where applicable). The data management tool is available to users authorized in Moroz Team services.
10. Your rights
10.1 What rights do you have
If provided by applicable law, you have the right to access your Personal Information processed by Moroz Team in accordance with this Policy.
If you believe that any of the information that Moroz Team holds about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can log into your account and correct your Personal Information yourself.
If required by applicable law, you have the right to:
get acquainted with the information that Moroz Team stores about you, including through your account;
demand the deletion of your Personal Information or part of it, as well as withdraw consent to the processing of your personal information;
require restrictions on the processing of your Personal Information;
object to the processing of your Personal Information, if required by applicable law.
Moroz Team will comply with these requests in accordance with applicable law.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you may also have other rights not listed above.
When you use the Services, the transfer of Personal Information is carried out with your consent, expressing your free will and your interest, (in particular, on the basis of an agreement with you) and is not a legal obligation.
10.2 How you can exercise your rights
To exercise the above rights, please log in to your account, and if there is no special function in the interface, contact Moroz Team (see section 13 of this Policy).
If you are not satisfied with the way Moroz Team handles your Personal Information, please let us know and we will look into your complaint. If you are not satisfied with the response of Moroz Team, you have the right to file a complaint with the competent authority.
11. How we use cookies and other similar technologies on the Sites or when you use the Services
11.1 What cookies and why does Moroz Team use them?
The Sites use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies/Technical Cookies: These cookies are essential for the operation of the Sites and provision of the Services to you; except in among other things, they allow Moroz Team to identify your hardware and software, including your browser type;
statistical/analytical cookies: these cookies allow us to recognize users, count their number and collect information such as your activities on the Sites and Services, including information about the web pages you visit and the content you receive;
technical cookies: these cookies collect information about how users interact with the Sites and/or Services, which allows us to identify errors and test new features to improve the performance of the Sites and Services;
functional cookies: these cookies allow us to provide certain features to make your use of the Sites easier, for example by storing your preferences (such as language and location);
11.2 How long cookies are stored on your device
Moroz Team uses the information contained in cookies only for the above purposes, after which the collected data will be stored on your device for a period that may depend on the type of cookie in question, but not exceeding the period necessary to achieve their purpose, after which they will be automatically removed from your system.
11.3 Who else has access to information contained in cookies
Personal information collected using cookies placed on your device may be transferred to and available to Moroz Team and / or third parties specified in section 7 of this Policy.
When you visit the Sites for the first time, you may be asked to consent to the use of cookies. If, after you have accepted the use of cookies, you would like to change your mind, you can do so by deleting the cookies stored in your browser (usually this can be done in your browser settings - please refer to your browser manual or website its developer). After that, your consent may be asked again and you can make a different choice. If you refuse the use of cookies, this may result in some features of the Sites not being available to you and may affect your ability to use the Sites. You may also change your browser settings to accept or reject by default all cookies or cookies from certain sites, including the Moroz Team Sites. If you have approved the use of cookies on one of the Moroz Team Sites, we will assume that the use of cookies on all Sites has been approved by you.
12. Updates to this Policy
This Policy may be subject to change. Moroz Team has the right to make changes at its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, in cases where the relevant changes are related to changes in applicable law, and also when the relevant changes are related to changes in the operation of the Sites and Services.
Moroz Team undertakes not to make significant changes, not to impose additional encumbrances or restrictions on your rights established by this Policy without your notice. You will be notified of such changes. Appropriate notices may be displayed on the Site or Services (for example, via a pop-up window or banner) before such changes become effective, or may be sent to you through other communication channels (for example, by e-mail if you have provided us with your Contact details).
13. Contact Moroz Team
Email addresses: hello@moroz.team
hello@moroz.team