The Blockheads
news
/
forums
/
contact
What information do we collect?
When you use The Blockheads, we use and deploy “tracking technologies” to automatically collect certain information about your device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal data” in some jurisdictions, including the EU. We collect this information every time you use the app, and when you connect to or chat on multiplayer servers. Note, however, that we do not collect any information that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
When connecting to multiplayer services, we record the IP address that the connection originated from. We also may retain server logs which include the IP address of every request to our server.
The Blockheads also makes use of third party ad services Vungle and Chartboost, and their privacy policies can be found at
https://vungle.com/privacy/
and
https://chartboost.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To remember which player you are in multiplayer games, store your progress in worlds, and allow you to return later and resume your same game
To improve customer service, and allow us to more easily track down what happened when you contact us with an issue
To improve the experience for the majority of players by helping to deal with cheating and hacking or inapropriate behavior
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include Vungle and Chartboost, their policies are outlined in their own policy documents as linked above. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.