Effective Date: 23rd September 2021
This Privacy Policy governs the collection of personally identifiable information and describes how MovieStarPlanet ApS ("MovieStarPlanet") collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on the MovieStarPlanet.com website (the "Website") or in connection with the use of the Website. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of the MovieStarPlanet Terms of Use. By registering for an account, or accessing or using the Website, you agree to be bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
There is a children's privacy section within this Privacy Policy. Please scroll down to the
Children Under the Age of 13 Years
section of the policy, for further information.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, on the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we change how we use your personally identifiable information, we will notify by email and/or by means of a notice on our Web site prior to the change becoming effective. If we make material changes to how we collect and use.
Personal Information from children under age 13. We will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for any new uses of the child's Personal Information.
The Information We Collect
Upon creation of a MovieStarPlanet account we ask you to provide us with the following information:
A username
Month and year of birth
Later we may ask you to provide us with the following additional information:
An e-mail address
Parent's / guardian's email address
In addition, if you sign up to make purchases of certain MovieStarPlanet products or services, we ask you to provide your credit card number
Finally, like almost all websites, we receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Website. In addition to information you provide, we may collect the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the IP address of the computer you are using; the browser and operating system you are using; the date and time you access the Website; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked to this Website (including any search terms you may have used to find MovieStarPlanet through a search engine such as Google).
We do not ask you for any other personally identifiable information. However, MovieStarPlanet allows users to communicate in various ways. Unless you are under the age of 13 (See children under the age of 13, below), we collect any information you voluntarily choose to include on your Profile page and in other online activity, such as chat rooms and movies you create. Revealing such personally identifiable information is against the
MovieStarPlanet Rules
, and you should not do this. Any personally identifiable information you reveal in your online activities will be available to others who may access this content (See
Disclosing Your Personally Identifiable Information
).
If parents would like to remove or prevent the possible further collection or use of their child’s personal information, please contact us at
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com.
Log files
As true of most Websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.  We do not link this automatically-collected data to other information we collect about you.
Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used by MovieStarPlanet and our partners, affiliates, analytics or service providers. These analytical tools are used for marketing and internal analytical purposes only to provide better customer support services. We do not collect or store personal information in relation to this data collection. These technologies are used in improving and personalizing your experience at our website, personalize your experience and analyze certain metrics, tell us how many visitors we have on the site, and which parts of the site are most popular, and tracking users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, to store content information and preferences. To manage Flash cookies, please click here:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
Advertising
We are using AdButler, a service provided by SparkLIT, for ad delivery. We and AdButler use cookies (text files placed on your computer) to help with collecting information about your visits to this and other websites which may be used in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
AdButler Frequency Capping Cookie
Data Collected:
A non-personal ID that links to the zone and/or advertisement (not the individual)
A timestamp
Purpose of Cookie:
Ensure that a user doesn’t see the advertisement repeatedly
Duration of Data Stored:
The duration for this cookie is set by the administrator within the AdButler interface each time it is used
Extent of Data Processing:
The data this cookie collects is not shared with any third parties and is used exclusively by AdButler for the reason mentioned above
Third Party Tags:
Name of 3rd party partner
What info is shared with or collected by this partner
Patner's purpose
Link to partner's privacy policy
Adform
IP address, visit to landing page, creating new characters, accepting the terms & conditions, making a purchase and using a gift certificate
Campaign tracking/optimization
https://www.adform.com/site/privacy-policy/
Double Click
Monitors visit to landing page, creating new character, accepting the terms & conditions
Campaign tracking/optimisation
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads/
Google Network (Google Analytics)
Please see the privacy policy link
Internal Analytical Tool
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Quisma Tracker
Measures visits to site, does not collect personal info
Internal Analytical Tool
http://privacy.quisma.com/uk/privacy-policy/
SuperAwesome
Please see the privacy policy link
Kid safe advertising
COPPA Compliant
https://www.superawesome.tv/en/privacy-policy
Playwire
Please see the privacy policy link
Kid safe advertising
COPPA Compliant
http://www.playwiremedia.com/privacy/
Firebase Analytics
Please see the privacy policy link
Game analytics for Unity Platform. No PI collected
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Unity Webview
Please see the privacy policy link
Analytics and game development
https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/
github-privacy-statement
Driver Digital
Please see the privacy policy link
Kid safe advertising
COPPA Compliant
http://www.driverdigital.com/privacy
Unity
Please see the privacy policy link
Game development Platform
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Community Sift
Please see the privacy policy link
Community Sift management and filtering system for child safeguarding
https://www.twohat.com/privacy-policy/
WebPurify
Please see the privacy policy link
Moderation service used to pre-moderate photos before they go live in the game
https://www.webpurify.com/privacy/
Zendesk
Please see the privacy policy link
Customer support service used by users, parents and others to contact the Support Team
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/
privacy-policy//
ReCaptcha
Please see the privacy policy link
Used to secure game access and prevent multiple accounts being created.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB
For MovieStarPlanet 2 only we also use AppsFlyer and Firebase to track our mobile advertising campaigns. See the specific information about these below.
Name of 3rd party partner
What info is shared or collected
Partner’s purpose
Link to partner’s privacy policy
Appsflyer
Please see the privacy policy link
Marketing Analytics and attribution platform we use to track mobile ad campaigns performance
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy/
Firebase services we are using:
Google Analytics for Firebase
Please see the privacy policy link
Analytics and attribution platform to track performance of Google Ads mobile Campaigns
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Web beacons
Our email communications contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or "UDID").
Geolocation
We do not ask for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or Services.
Push Notifications
At the present time we are not sending push notifications to users. We may change this policy in the future. If the policy is changed and we do decide to send you push notifications, in order to update you about any events or promotions, parental permission will be asked for before delivering this service.
Behavioral Advertising
We do not use behavioral advertising when serving ads to our users. The ads shown are solely segmented based on frequency. Some ads have the possibility to target based on avatar gender. This does not apply to children under the age of 13.
Children Under the Age of 13 Years
MovieStarPlanet is a movie themed online game and social network aimed at children aged between 8 and 15 years. The only personal information we collect from children under 13, is their email address (to reset their password) and their parents' email address to notify their parents that they have joined the site. This email also advises parents that there is the possibility to use chat rooms and forums to chat with their friends. We employ trained moderators and "approved lists" that are designed to screen the participation of users under 13 and prevent their disclosure of personally identifiable information in interactive areas of the Website, such as chat rooms. Sanctions may be applied to any user that attempts to share or collect personal information.
In relation to collecting the information stated above, parents or legal guardians may at any time change the access to or completely opt-out of these socially interactive features. Any such personally identifiable information that is collected, and the required access to change or opt-out, are specified in the direct notice mails sent to the individual Parent or legal guardian. The only personal information we collect from children under 13 is their email address (to reset their password) and their parents' email address to notify their parents that they have joined the site. Parents can also see how to access and join the parental control center on this email.
IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AND YOU BELIEVE YOUR CHILD UNDER THE AGE OF 13 HAS PROVIDED PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO MOVIESTARPLANET WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT, PLEASE CONTACT US AT
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
SO THAT WE MAY TAKE APPROPRIATE ACTION by deleting their PII immediately.
How We Use Your Personally Identifiable Information
We only use the personally identifiable information you provide us to operate, maintain, customize and enhance the features we provide you on the Website. We also use the information to communicate with you for administrative purposes, such as to help you reset your password. Where you have signed up to make purchases of certain products or services offered on the Website using a cell phone, we use the personally identifiable information you provide in order to fulfill those purchases.
A child's participation in or their ability to access an activity will not be conditioned on them providing more personal information than is reasonably necessary for that activity.
Personally Identifiable Information
We are not in the business of selling personally identifiable information; however, we may disclose information to third parties in the following circumstances:
We may disclose information to others who provide services to us in order to operate, maintain and enhance the features of the Website, such as website hosting services providers. Where such service providers receive personally identifiable information in order to furnish services to us, they must agree to privacy terms ostensibly the same as the terms in MovieStarPlanet's Privacy Policy. Furthermore, the use of personally identifiable information is limited to the use needed in order to furnish those services to us.
We may disclose information to others if we believe in good faith that the disclosure is necessary to comply with the requirements of applicable laws, to respond to court orders, judicial or regulatory subpoenas and information requests or to otherwise comply with law enforcement.
We may disclose information to others if we believe such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to take precautions against liability or to enforce our rights; to protect us and users from unlawful or abusive activity; to investigate and defend ourselves against claims or allegations from third parties; to protect the security or integrity of the Website; or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of MovieStarPlanet, our users or third parties.
Users may also choose to disclose personally identifiable information in many interactive areas of the Website if they are over 13 years of age (See Children under the age of 13, above). These areas include user's public profile page, chat rooms and the movies users create. Many of these features also connect directly to other third-party services such as YouTube. Disclosing personally identifiable information in this way is against the
Rules
and users should not do it. The Community Sift Automated Content Management System alerts trained Moderators to possible infringements of this rule and sanctions will be applied to users who attempt to circumvent the filters. Once personally identifiable information is made available, it may be collected and used by any person who has access to this content without restriction. If personal information has been disclosed on YouTube, it may be accessed and used by anybody on the Internet. Please note, that once individuals have disclosed such information in this way, it may be impossible to delete it.
Links
The website may contain links to other websites not controlled by MovieStarPlanet. We make no representations or warranties concerning such websites. When individuals use external websites, their use is governed by that site's privacy policies and not by MovieStarPlanet's Privacy Policy. Users should review the privacy policies of each website carefully before providing any information.
Change the status on Your Information and Opting Out
Upon request, MovieStarPlanet will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on our user settings or by emailing our Customer Support at
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
Please note that collection of certain personally identifiable information may be necessary for your continued use or access to the Website.
Parents have the right to review personal information collected from their children under 13. The only personal information collected is the child’s email and the parental email that was used to inform the parents that their child has become a member of MovieStarPlanet.com. If you would like this information to be removed please contact the Customer Support Team on
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
.
If you would like to request an update or deletion of your child's information or refuse further collection, use or contact by the site please contact us at
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
Parents have the right to consent to our collection and use of personal information from their kids without also consenting to our disclosure of such information to third parties. Please contact us on the following email if you like further information on this
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
.
You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Legal Notice
In certain situations, MovieStarPlanet may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
In the Event of a Merger or Sale
We will not disclose or transfer your personally identifiable information except as described above. However, in the event all or a portion of the business of MovieStarPlanet is sold, either through a sale of assets, a sale of stock, a merger or otherwise, we reserve the right to transfer or assign all or a portion of the information that we have collected in connection with such sale you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Data Security
We use physical, administrative and technical features designed to increase the security and integrity of our systems used to store personally identifiable information. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of any information transmitted to MovieStarPlanet, nor can we guarantee that any such information may not be accessed, altered or destroyed by a breach, circumvention, failure or interruption of any of our physical, technical or administrative safeguards.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request information regarding our disclosure of any of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us an email to
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
or write to us at the address below.
Contacting MovieStarPlanet
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Website, please contact us by using the links below :
Contact Form
MSP NOA A/S
Islands Brygge 41, 4th floor
2300 Copenhagen S
Denmark
Telephone:
00 45 51914417
Company registration number: 36 54 80 88
Email
:
us@moviestarplanet.zendesk.com
Follow