Privacy Policy
Read our
german privacy policy
here
This privacy policy governs your use of our website and/or our software applications (“Application”) on a mobile device or dektop computer that was created by Asylum Square Interactive GmbH. The Application includes basic gameplay mechanics, In-App-Purchase and external links.
TL;DR
We don't collect any data that isn't require for providing a seamless user experience. We never share data with 3rd parties. We
don't
use external analytical services (like Google Analytics), ad providers (like Google AdSense) or social media integrations like Facebook or Twitter.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information – The Application obtains the information you provide when you download/use the Application. When you use the Application, you generally provide (a) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (b) information you provide us when you contact us for help.
Automatically Collected Information – In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. See “Automatic Data Collection and Advertising” section for examples.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your device / system.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No. We don't share any information with 3rd parties.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We do not work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, we don't collect analytical datas / user information.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your Consent
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us.
Terms of use
Generally, you can access our Internet offering without disclosing any personal information to us. It is always your choice whether or not to provide us with your personal information.