Privacy
Marine
Your Privacy Matters to Garmin
Our goal is to make sure you know how we collect, use, share, and store your personal data when you use our marine websites and applications.
What personal data does Garmin collect?
When you use Garmin marine products, websites, and apps, we ask for personal data — such as your name, email address, contact information, location, and device information — so you can use your account, receive personalized support, and get the most out of our sites, apps, and products.
Learn more
When You Make a Garmin Account
Garmin stores information such as your name, email address, and password so you can sign in. It also helps us verify your account if you call customer support.
When You Contact Garmin
We know you might want to stay off the grid, but we may collect things such as your contact, device, or subscription information during support calls to ensure that you get the help you need.
When You Participate in the ActiveCaptain Community
Interacting with the ActiveCaptain Community, through the website or app, gets you the best fishing and boating information from people like you. When you add reviews and comments or earn points, we use data such as your captain name or email address to make sure you get the credit you deserve and the points you’ve earned.
When You Participate in the Quickdraw Community
We can all agree that location plays a big role in the survey data you use and upload to Quickdraw Contours within the Quickdraw Community. We collect that data, but we add it anonymously to the Quickdraw Contours database. Your personal information is not associated with it at that point — just the location.
When You Use the OnDeck Service
We may collect the names, email addresses, or phone numbers for the people you want to have access to the service. That way, they’ll get notifications when you set up or make changes to the account. If you don’t add them as a contact or owner, we won’t collect anything. We just want to make sure you and the people you add get the most out of the service.
When You Sync to Your Garmin Account
When you sync your device, we process your saved waypoints and routes. That way, your data will stay the same across all your devices.
When You Purchase a Subscription
Subscriptions require a little more information to make sure we can deliver the services you’re purchasing. So, when you get an OnDeck or ActiveCaptain Business Program subscription, we collect your name, business name, email address, billing address, and telephone number, which are used to deliver the services you’re paying for and to send you the billing information you need.
We have a third party process your payment information, but Garmin does not store your payment card details.
When You Buy, Register, or Update Charts and Devices
We use your credentials and device information to get downloaded maps or map cards onto your devices, to register new devices to your Garmin account, and to provide quality customer service.
We have a third party process your payment information, but Garmin does not store your payment card details.
When You Add or Are an Emergency Contact
If you set up emergency contacts on your Garmin device, your location and other emergency information will be sent or communicated to that contact in the event of an incident.
If a Garmin user adds you as an emergency contact to their Garmin account, they provide us your phone number or email address so you can be reached in the event of an incident.
View Full Privacy Policy
Why do we ask for your personal data?
From providing product support to getting you the latest software, any information we ask you for is used to improve your experience.
Learn more
To Keep You Informed
When we have something important to tell you about your products, apps, subscriptions, or account — such as vital safety information, app updates, new products or deals, and updates to our privacy policy — we use collected contact information to reach you.
To Improve Our Sites and Apps
When you visit our sites or use our apps, we collect information — such as your IP address, location, times that you visit, and more — to let us know how people navigate our sites and apps and how we can improve them.
To Give You Information You Might Actually Find Interesting
We use things such as cookies, pixel tags, and similar tools to help us provide better, more relevant content on our sites.
We also use these tools to see how effective our ads are and to identify any problems that we need to fix. All in all, we just want to give you websites worth browsing.
View Full Privacy Policy
Does Garmin sell your personal data?
No! We don’t sell your personal data to anyone. And we only share your personal data with others in specific situations.
Learn more
Data Shared Within Garmin
Garmin is global, which means your personal data may be stored locally or in another country or transferred between Garmin companies. No matter where your information is within Garmin, it is still secured under this privacy policy.
With Service Providers
We share personal data with third parties who provide services — such as processing purchases or sending emails — so you can take advantage of the features they make possible.
Data Shared for Legal Reasons
We will share your personal data when required to by law enforcement and in other legal matters.
Data Shared with Connections
We will share your personal data such as live location, routes, tracks, and markers with your desired Connections when you enable sharing within the Navionics Boating app.
View Full Privacy Policy
Does Garmin sell your personal data?
No! We don’t sell your personal data to anyone. And we only share your personal data with others in specific situations.
Learn more
Connections
When you make connections, depending on your privacy settings, some of all of your profile and activity data may be visible to those connections.
Live Location
You can share your device's real-time location with your Connections so that friends and family can follow along for up to 24 hours.
Routes, Tracks and Markers
You can share your saved routes, tracks and markers with your Connections or via other options.
View Full Privacy Policy
How can you manage your personal data?
Visit our
Account Management Center
to manage your data or exercise your rights. If you have questions about your rights,
click here
to learn more.
View Full Privacy Policy