Last Updated: September 19th, 2014
Privacy Policy
The Sandbox
game is owned and operated by Pixowl and includes the www.thesandboxgame.com website and the mobile application. The application is available in the Apple App Store, Android Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, Apple Mac Store and Steam Store. We take privacy seriously at Pixowl and this policy is designed to tell you what information we collect and how we use it. This privacy statement applies only to the services made available by The Sandbox game.
We last updated this policy on September 19th, 2014 Please review this policy from time to time as we may make changes. It forms part of our terms of service and explains your rights and responsibilities when using our services. If you have any questions please contact us at
thesandbox@pixowl.com
What Kind of Information is Collected?
There are two types of data that websites and apps can collect about their users. The first one is called personal data. This is personally identifiable information that identifies a user as an individual. The Sandbox collects a username and password when it is necessary to register in order to make use of a service such as leaving comments or joining a discussion. If you contact us for help we will only use your email address to reply to your question and we will delete as soon as we have responded.
The second type is non personal data which doesn’t directly identify an individual. The Sandbox may collect non personal information about the use of the website and apps to help us improve our services.
More about Non Personal Data
To help us provide you with the best service and to better understand your use of The Sandbox game we work with some third party providers. These third parties are prohibited from sharing your data. For more information on these third parties please see their privacy policies.
Apsalar
https://apsalar.com/privacy-policy/
Flurry
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/privacy-policy-updated
Google Analytics
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Leanplum
https://www.leanplum.com/privacy
These companies help us to understand your use of the site and apps. In association with the third parties we may collect your unique device identifier, IP address, mobile phone carrier, game progress, time spent playing and achievements. This information is for internal use only and can’t be shared. It’s just for us to help us improve our services for you. We may use cookies and web beacons to help deliver our services and to analyze it, as such by counting the number of times a page or advert has been viewed.
Advertising
We work with a number of advertising networks. Ads are not available for users 12 or under.
AdColony
http://privacy.adcolony.com/
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Flurry
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/privacy-policy-updated
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
HeyZap
http://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
Kamcord
https://www.kamcord.com/privacy/
TapJoy
http://info.tapjoy.com/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy/
Vungle
http://www.vungle.com/privacy/
Disclosures
The Sandbox may disclose personal information only if required by law or in case there is the firm belief that such action is necessary to:
(1) comply with laws and local regulations;
(2) protect and defend the rights or property of The Sandbox
Links
We may include links to third parties from the website or services. The Sandbox isn’t responsible for these companies and because we have a link doesn’t mean we endorse them. Your use of our services maybe subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that we don’t control such as mobile app stores, mobile software platforms or payment processors. Please be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them.
Security
The Sandbox uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure and requires that the third parties it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for The Sandbox and using a fire-wall protected environment and storing personal information in secure operating environments. That said, The Sandbox cannot and does not guarantee and does not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
Children’s Privacy Policy
We do not ask users 12 and under to register for The Sandbox application or website and do not collect any personal information from them.
Users 12 and under have limited access to features within The Sandbox application.
As part of the site, we allow users to upload and share videos created with The Sandbox game. All user-generated content is moderated for personally identifiable information and will not be shared until it has been pre-approved by our moderators.
Control and access to personal information
The personal information you provide to The Sandbox for registration or for any other purpose is not shared with third parties without explicit permission from the you, except for the limited instances described above. Personal information will always be used for the purposes described above. Registration, if required, also allows the user to specify if you wish to be contacted by The Sandbox and how such contact should occur. The Sandbox provides users with all the tools they need to make sure that personal information is correct and up-to-date. If you register for the services offered by The Sandbox, you can edit and update the information provided at any time.
How to update or remove your information
The Sandbox keeps your content for as long as necessary in providing the services. If you want to opt out of services, review your information or delete it please contact us at
thesandbox@pixowl.com
Changes to this privacy policy
The Sandbox game reserves the right to modify this document. If we use your personal information differently than specified in the legal information provided at the time of collection of the data, users will be notified
Contact
PIXOWL INC.
524 Union Street #281
CA 94133, SAN FRANCISCO