Our
				privacy policy:
As
				human beings, we have grown extremely concerned by the massive
				personal data collection operations that several big information
				technologies companies are engaging in. This data collection
				applies not only to people who use their services,
but
				also to people who do not use them
.
This
				vast amount of personal data has already been misused by the
				companies that collect it, and
by
				the companies they sell
it
				to
.
It
				will be misused again, with sinister consequences to be expected.
For
				this reason, as a company, we do not want to have anything to do
				with the business of collecting and selling personal data.
With
				this in mind, our privacy policy is extremely simple: this app
				collects absolutely NO personal information.
We
				list the following points not in the hope of drowning you in an
				endless reading or to sneak in backdoors that would allow us to
				do the opposite of what we announce. These points should simply
				give you a better idea of what we are doing in order to
avoid
collecting data about you:
-
				We have NO customer or user list. Apple does not communicate this
				information to us, and we do not try to obtain it.
-
				The app has NO access and does not ask access to any personal
				data (contacts, agenda, location...). If the app tried to get
				access to any of this, your device would tell you.
-
				The only information the app has access to is the chess settings
				you are using and the games you play. NONE of this information is
				transmitted, in any form, to anyone, not even to us. What you do
				in the app stays in the app.
If
				you contact us by email
:
-
				Your email address is used to answer you, and for nothing else.
				We never send any unsolicited email.
-
				Your email address will never be shared with any third party. We
				treat it as a confidential information.
-
				Any email we have received from you will be deleted after three
				months at the latest (this includes your email address).
-
				If you contact us with the "Report a problem or send a
				suggestion" option, your message contains information about
				your device (model, iOS version...) in plain text. This
				information is used to understand your problem and answer your
				question, and for no other purpose. You can, if you wish, erase
				this information before you send the message. If you leave it in,
				this information will be deleted when your emails are deleted
				(see previous paragraph).
-
				You can at any time contact us and ask for any email or
				information we have received from you to be deleted, and we will
				honor your request immediately.
----------