Home
Privacy Policy
We are: UK Models, and we are the data controller.
Our contact details are: 115 Great Portland Street, London, United Kingdom, W1W 6QH.
Data Protection Officer:
DPO@thebluerooms.net
.
Phone number: 02070794501
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you make an application with us online, when you make a booking with us and when you attend for a photographic shoot.
The personal information we collect includes your:
Name
Age
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Photographs
How will we use the information about you?
The information which we hold about you will be used in order to review your application. If we believe you have modelling potential, then we will use the information which you have given to us to contact you and arrange an appointment.
If we have tried to arrange an appointment with you and have not received a response from you, we may from time to time contact you in order to try and arrange an appointment. If you do not want us to do so, please contact us at
DPO@thebluerooms.net
to tell us.
We may use images of you on our social media platforms. However, we will only do so if you tell us you consent to us using your images when you attend for a photographic shoot and agree to an order. If you have previously given consent and no longer want us to use your images please contact us at
DPO@thebluerooms.net
to tell us.
What is our lawful basis for using your data?
We process the information which you provide to us on your application form because you have given your consent to us using the information to review your application and contact you about it. If we share your images on social media this is also because you have consent to us doing so.
Where you have provided us with your consent in the past, but no longer want us to use your data as we have described above, you have the right to withdraw your consent. To withdraw your consent, contact us at
DPO@thebluerooms.net
,
by post at DPO, UK Models, 104 Great Portland Street, London, W1W 6PE, or by phone 02070794501.
If you book an appointment with us and attend a photographic shoot, we will ask you to sign a copy of our client order form, this is a contract and we will process your data as necessary in order to carry out the terms of the contract.
Sharing your information
If you attend an appointment and purchase printed images or a canvas from us, your images and contact information will be shared with our portfolio provider. This is in order to allow them to produce the images and deliver these to your address. The contact address will be shared with DPD, as they will carry out the delivery service.
If you purchase an e-folio, we may share your images to have them retouched and edited before these are put online.
We share your payment details and name with Sage pay, who will process your payment on our behalf.
We share your information with our marketing and business development company, Basic Gravity.
We also work with two companies who have access to our website database, which includes your personal data. These companies assist us in developing our website, and our database.
Other than as set out above, we do not share your information with any other companies or organisations, unless required to do so by law.
Sharing data outside of the EU
Some of the companies that we work with are based outside of the European Union. These companies are based in Norway, Indonesia and India.
Retaining your information
We will need to keep a record of the information you have given us in order to complete your booking and carry out the service. This will not be retained for any longer than is necessary and if we do not hear from you within 36 months, this will be deleted automatically.
If you purchase one of our packages, we will keep your payment plan for 18 months after the final payment has been processed in order to prevent credit card misuse. All accounts information is stored for 6 years, as we are required to store this information by law.
We will keep a copy of your images in a secure environment for 6 years in order to ensure that we can share these with you if you require them in the future. If you do not want us to store your images, they can be deleted upon request at
DPO@thebluerooms.net
.
We record calls, for training purposes. When taking payments over the phone we do not record the payment details. We will delete all recordings after 14 days.
Your rights
Under data protection law, you have the following rights in respect of the information we hold about you.
You have the right to
access
the information which we hold about you and you can contact us to request a copy of this. You can make this request by emailing:
DPO@thebluerooms.net
or writing to us at: DPO, UK Models, 104 Great Portland Street, London, United Kingdom, W1W 6PE.
If you do not think that the information we hold about you is correct, or you think that we do not have all the information which we should have about you, you can request that we
rectify
the information so that it is correct and complete.
You can request that we
erase
the data which we hold about you, or that we
restrict
the way that the data is used. This means that we will store your data securely, but it will not be processed in any way. You can also request that we send a copy of the data which we hold about you to another third party.
If you
object
to the way we have processed your data, please contact us to tell us why.
Once we have received your request for us to do any of the above, we will contact you within 30 days either to confirm that we have carried out your request or why we have not. In some cases we will not have to process your request, or will not be able to. We will still contact you within 30 days to explain to you why we believe this is the case.
If you feel that your data has been used inappropriately, you should contact us. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Officer (ICO) at
www.ico.org.uk
.
Security
We have security such as Anti-virus and firewalls in place in order to ensure your data is stored securely. Most of the data is kept in secure servers maintained by hosting companies. We have strict password and other access policy.
Cookies
Every time you log on to our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. Your IP address reveals no information other than the number assigned to you. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer hard drive that enables the tracking of visitor numbers to a website. This information is used for statistical analysis of visitor and log on numbers to our website.
Please see our cookies policy at
https://www.ukmodels.co.uk/cookie-policy/
for more information about how we use cookies. For more information about cookies generally please visit
https://www.aboutcookies.org/
.
Changes to our privacy policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Notice. We will tell you about these changes by posting a notification at the top of our website. This policy was last updated on 11 May 2018
Contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or the data we hold about you, please contact us:
By email at
DPO@thebluerooms.net
Write to us at DPO, UK Models, 104 Great Portland Street, London, United Kingdom, W1W 6PE
Or call us on 02070794501.