EFFIX
A
LOADING
PRIVACY
POLICY
Last Revised July 16th, 2020.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Effixa Inc. uses and protects any information that you give Effixa when you use this website and our applications. Effixa is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or our applications, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Effixa may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1th of January, 2012.
About us
We are a company called Effixa Inc. We are registered in Quebec/Canada, with registered number 1172553142. Our registered office is 1052 rue d'Armentières, Québec, Canada G1Y 2S6. The website located at
https://games.effixa.com
Information we collect about you, and how we collect it
We may collect the following information:
We not collect any personal information in this web site.
Our applications not collect any personal information.
Facebook Connect
If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications. In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook APIs to improve our user experience. If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you, please contact us at
games@effixa.com
.
Payment Information
When you purchase items via our applications (such as those you can purchase in the App Store or on Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
Policy in relation to children
Effixa does not knowingly collect personal information about people of less than 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not try to register with the service or to send information about yourself, including your name, address, telephone number and email address. In the event that we discover that we have collected personal information about a child under 13 years of age, we will delete that information as rapidly as possible. We advise minors over 13 years of age to ask their parents’ permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone whatsoever on the internet.
Cookies
It is possible that we may use cookies to improve your use of our website and of our gaming services.  For example, we may use a cookie to recognize your computer and the information that you may have provided to us previously so that you do not have to resend it. We may also use it to manage the display of advertising banners so that we do not show you the same banners all the time, for example.  Display of these banners may be managed by us or by a third party on our behalf. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can generally alter your browser’s settings so that they are not accepted or to warn you when a cookie is being sent.  If you decide not to accept the cookies that we send you, the quality of your user experience may be reduced when using our applications website.
Controlling your personal information
We do not share any personal informations collected with Facebook Api.
Security
Effixa takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
games@effixa.com
.
GET IN
TOUCH
We would love to hear from you.
LEAVE US A MESSAGE
* required field
SEND MESSAGE
OUR DETAILS
Email:
games@effixa.com
Website:
games.effixa.com