App
CommunitIES
Safety
Blog
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
Imprint
Data protection declaration for Jaumo (and related apps) online offers
We
, as the provider of the Jaumo app (also "
app
") and the related website at
https://www.jaumo.com
(also "
website"),
are responsible for the processing of personal data of the user ("
you")
of the
app and the website in accordance with applicable data protection laws, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation ("
GDPR
").
Personal data is defined in the GDPR as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
The following privacy notice transparently inform you, within the scope of our information obligations (Art. 13 et seq. GDPR), about our processing of your personal data when using our app and our website and on which legal basis we may process your personal data. You will also receive information regarding your data subject rights and competent supervisory authorities.
1. Contact details
Responsible for data processing is Joyride GmbH, Bartenbacher Str. 4, 73033 Göppingen, e-mail: privacy@jaumo.com.
We have appointed a data protection officer whom you can contact for data protection requests of all kinds at Data Protection Officer c/o Joyride GmbH, Bartenbacher Str. 4, 73033 Göppingen, e-mail: privacy@jaumo.com.
The data protection supervisory authority responsible for our company headquarters is the State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information of Baden-Württemberg, which can be reached at
https://www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de/
and by e-mail at poststelle@lfdi.bwl.de. Further contact details for the data protection supervisory authorities of other states can be found at
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Service/Anschriften/Laender/Laender-node.html
.
2. Data transfers to third countries
If, when using our app or our website, personal data is transferred to one or more countries outside the scope of the GDPR ("
third country
"), we will inform you of this separately in this privacy policy. Any transfer to third countries is compliant with the respective legal requirements. In case of a data transfer to the United States of America, this means that the requirements of the applicable adequacy decision of the EU Commission are observed.
3. Use of our Internet offer
When using our Internet offer, different data processing may occur depending on the type of use.
a) Hosting
Our Internet offer is operated on the servers of the CDN provider Webflow, Inc., 398 11th Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (hereinafter "
Webflow
"). This means that the data we collect when you visit our website may also be processed and stored in the USA.
The
legal basis
for
the processing of your personal data is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, as it is in our legitimate interest to use the services of a professional provider for the secure and efficient operation of our website.
We have executed a Data Processing Agreement with Webflow in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
If a data transfer to the U.S. takes place, the level of data protection is guaranteed by a so-called adequacy decision issued by the EU Commission. Webflow is certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000TT9jAAG&status=Active
.
b) Informational use
When you access our Internet offer, our web servers automatically collect general information that is technically necessary for its presentation. This includes the web browser used, the operating system used, the domain name of your internet service provider, the IP address of the device you are using, the website from which you are visiting us, the pages of our internet offer that you have visited, and the date and duration of your visit.
We are not able to use this data to identify you. This information is merely statistically evaluated by us in order to improve the functionality of our internet offer. The legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Insofar as we ask for your consent, the data processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. Your consent can be revoked at any time.
c) Special forms of use
Special forms of use of our Internet offer may result in us processing additional personal data.
i. Contact us
You have the possibility to contact us by e-mail, by phone or via our contact form. We will store your personal data transmitted in this way. The data will be processed exclusively to handle your contact request. The
legal basis
for the processing of your personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest to process the data for the purpose of handling and responding to your inquiry. The data will be stored until it is no longer required to achieve the purpose of the conversation with you and the matter of your request has been comprehensively resolved.
Another
legal basis
for our processing is, for example, if you have expressly consented to the processing of your data when using our contact form, your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time.
If your request aims to enter into a contract with us, the additional legal basis for the processing of your personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR. This data will be stored as long as it is necessary for the execution of the contract or the pre-contractual measures. Beyond that, we only store your data in order to comply with legal obligations (e.g. tax obligations) (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR).
In addition to the data that you voluntarily provide us with, we may receive the date and time of transmission of your data to us, as well as your IP address. The processing of this data corresponds to our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) to ensure the security of our systems and to prevent abuse. This data, which we additionally collect will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed, at the latest when the matter of your request has been comprehensively resolved.
We will not relate or combine any data communicated to us in the course of contacting us with other data collected from you, unless you have given us your express consent to do so. This consent can be revoked at any time. You can inform us at any time that you would like us to delete the data provided in the course of the conversation. In this case, all personal data of the conversation will be deleted, if permissible, and a continuation of the conversation is not possible.
ii. Newsletter
You can register for our e-mail newsletter both via our app and via our website. For this, we need your e-mail address in addition to your express consent.
We will only send you the newsletter if you first confirm your registration via a confirmation e-mail sent to you for this purpose by clicking on the link provided for this purpose. This is to ensure that no other person can subscribe to the newsletter on your behalf. You must confirm your registration promptly after receiving the confirmation e-mail. Otherwise, your newsletter registration request will be automatically deleted from our database.
The
legal basis for
sending
the newsletter as well as additional information is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. By sending and confirming the newsletter registration request, you agree to the processing of your data by us.
In addition, we store the date and time of transmission of your data to us, as well as your IP address, as part of your newsletter registration. The processing of this data corresponds to our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, in order to ensure the security of our systems and to prevent abuse. For the purpose of sending and verifying our confirmation email, we also store your IP address as well as the date and time of confirmation by clicking the link.
The purpose of processing your e-mail address is to enable us to send you the newsletter. Your data will be processed exclusively in connection with the sending of our newsletter. Further data within the scope of the registration will be used to ensure the security of our services and to prevent abuse of the e-mail address used.
Your data will only be stored for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose. Your e-mail address will only be stored beyond the period of your newsletter subscription if you have given your express consent. The data that we additionally collect automatically during your subscription (IP address, date and time) will be deleted at the latest when you terminate your newsletter subscription. This does not affect data that has been stored by us for other purposes.
We use the service Brevo of Sendinblue GmbH, Köpenicker Str. 126, 10179 Berlin to send the newsletter. The processing of your data by Sendinblue is governed by a Data Processing Agreement pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR, which we have executed with Sendinblue.
Our newsletter uses
tracking functionalities
, specifically a so-called tracking pixel as well as link tracking. This means that we can track if and when you have opened the newsletter and any links within the newsletter. We can access aggregated statistics that our service provider (see above) automatically creates. Therefore, we are able to know which percentage of recipients opened the newsletter or which content was particularly well received. This data is used exclusively for the statistical analysis of newsletter campaigns and can be used by us to better adapt future newsletters to the interests of the recipients. If you do not agree with this tracking, we ask you to unsubscribe from the newsletter. This can be done at any time, for example by clicking on the corresponding link contained in every newsletter email.
We only evaluate your user behavior if you have consented to the sending of the newsletter and the related evaluation of personal data. The
legal basis for
the data processing is your consent in accordance with § 25 para. 1 TTDSG and Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR.
TERMINATION / Unsubscribe Newsletter
You can
unsubscribe
or
terminate
your subscription to
our newsletter at any time. Unfortunately, it is not possible to separately revoke your consent to newsletter tracking. If you wish to object to the newsletter tracking, you are required to cancel the newsletter.  You will find the link to do so at the end of each newsletter email. You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by sending us a corresponding message.
By doing so, you revoke your consent with effect for the future or object to any further use of your data for the purpose of sending and tracking the newsletter. After unsubscribing, your e-mail address will be deleted from our newsletter distribution list immediately, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we reserve the right to use data beyond this, as might be permitted by law as explained in this privacy notice. The revocation of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until you revoked your consent.
d) Third-party tools
Our website uses functions that are offered by service providers commissioned by us. If, within the scope of these functionalities, personal data is processed by the service provider on our behalf, we have concluded a Data Processing Agreement with the service provider pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR. This means that the service provider only processes personal data if this is necessary for the services they offer, and that we ensure through legal, technical and organizational measures as well as regular checks that the way in which this data is processed complies with legal requirements. In particular, our service providers are not permitted to disclose personal data processed by them in this context or to use it for other purposes, such as their own commercial purposes.
Links to social networks
Our website contains links to the social networks Facebook, Tiktok, YouTube, LinkedIn, and Instagram. This is merely a button with a link that forwards you to the corresponding social network when you click it. If you do not click on the link, we therefore do not transmit any personal data to the corresponding social network. However, if you click on the link and are forwarded to the corresponding social network, the processing of personal data by this social network takes place outside of our website.
4. Download our app
You can download our app from an app store of your choice (Apple App Store or Google Play Store, hereinafter "
Store
") to a suitable end device (hereinafter generally "
smartphone
"). When downloading the app to your smartphone, the information required for this purpose, i.e., among other data, store username, email address and customer number of your account, time of download, payment information and the individual device identification number, is transmitted to the respective store. We cannot affect this data collection and are not responsible for it. We process this data only insofar as this is necessary for downloading the app to your smartphone. We do not store this data beyond this purpose.
The
legal basis for
this data processing is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, as it is in our legitimate interest to enable you to download and install the app by processing the data required for this purpose.
5. Use of our app
a) Hosting
Our app is operated on the servers of Zurkuhl GmbH, Fester Straße 54. 40882 Ratingen, Germany (hereinafter "
Zurkuhl
"). This means that the data we collect during your general use of the app is stored in Germany and thus within the EU.
The
legal basis for
this processing of your personal data is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, as it is in our legitimate interest to use the services of a professional provider for the secure and efficient provision of our app.
We have concluded a Data Processing Agreement with Zurkuhl in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
At this point, we would like to transparently point out that we cannot comprehensively list all functionalities of the app and, in particular, the personalized advertising measures that significantly finance the app on Zurkuhl's servers, but instead rely on third-party tools, services, and advertising networks for this purpose. These providers are often located in third countries (e.g., the United States of America), so that data transfers to third countries typically occur in this context. You can find more information about this data processing and corresponding data transfers in the following sections.
b) General information about using the app
During the use of our app, an internet connection is established. Here, we collect and process many different personal data, especially data that you actively enter (e.g., message content) as well as data that is accrued during your use of certain app functionalities (e.g., sending a like, sending a message, in-app purchases, starting a session).
The processing of this personal data is technically necessary in order to provide you with the abovementioned and many other functionalities of our app in a convenient manner and to ensure the stability and security of our information technology systems.
The following data items are processed at the start of the session:
IP address
Smartphone model
Operating system version
Device ID
Date and time of login
Time zone difference from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Your user account, if such an account exists
In the event that you use further functionalities of the app, the personal data required for the selected feature will be processed in addition to the aforementioned data, such as:
Date and time of interaction
Time zone difference from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
The message content when sending a message
The reference point of a like
The purchased product in case of an in-app purchase
The specific personal data therefore depends transparently on your respective interaction with the app.
Theoretically, it is possible to relate such data to your person. However, we only store this data temporarily. As soon as the data is no longer required to achieve the aforementioned purposes, we delete it immediately. The storage period therefore depends on the category of the data. Registration data and data on purchases are stored for the duration of the registration. Message data is stored for 6 months.
In general, we delete your personal data from our live system immediately when you delete your user account with us. After deleting the user account, we only store pseudonymous data for statistical evaluation of app usage, detached from individual users, as well as data we need to comply with our legal obligations (e.g., tax obligations).
The processing of this data is necessary for the provision of our app with its various, modern features. The
legal basis
is therefore our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. For individual functions, we may rely on your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. Insofar as we have a contractual obligation to provide you with the app, the legal basis for data processing for which we do not obtain your consent is the fulfillment of the contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR.
The processing of data due to our legal obligations is based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR.
c) App registration
To use our app, you must register as a user within the app used by you. For this purpose, you must provide us with the following information:
E-mail address
Password
Desired username
Gender identity
Usage preference (friendship or dating)
Desired gender identity of the contact proposals
Date of birth
User photo
We process this data for the purpose of providing the features associated with your account, i.e., for the purpose of fulfilling a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR. In addition, this data is required to fulfill the app's main purpose of connecting users with similar interests. This suggestion functionality requires a minimum amount of information to be provided by users. An additional
legal basis
is therefore our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR.
You also have the option of registering with us via social login using an existing Google or Apple account. In this case, in addition to the above-mentioned data, we process the e-mail address you have provided to Google or Apple. If you decide to do so, Google or Apple receives the information that you have registered or logged in to our app. It is possible that Google or Apple processes further personal data in this context, for example about your smartphone, as part of a usage profile and uses this for purposes of advertising or market research, for example. You have the right to object to this, but you must assert this right against Google or Apple.
We would like to point out that it is your choice whether you would like to use the social login feature. Our offer of such a login as a voluntary option is based on the legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR to offer low-threshold login options on request.
d) Cross-app display of your profile within the Jaumo network
If you have registered for one of our apps and created a profile within this app, we will ask for your consent to display your profile in the other apps of our Jaumo network after you have registered. In this way, we want to maximise your chances of networking with users of our other apps with similar interests.
Within which other apps from the Jaumo network your profile will be displayed if you give your consent depends on the specific search criteria you have defined within your profile:
Unless you have specified search criteria in your profile that also match the Finally, Disco, Spicy and/or CSL apps and give us your consent, your profile will be displayed within the Jaumo, Lovely and Bloom apps.
For a better understanding:
- Example 1: If you have registered for the Jaumo app and consented to the cross-app display of your profile, we will also display your profile to users of the Lovely and Bloom apps.
- Example 2: If you have registered for the Spicy app and have consented to the cross-app display of your profile, we will also display your profile to users of the Jaumo, Lovely and Bloom apps.
If, on the other hand, you have defined special search criteria in your profile that match our other apps Finally, Disco, Spicy and/or CSL and have given your consent, your profile will not only be displayed in the apps Jaumo, Lovely and Bloom, but also within Finally, Disco, Spicy and/or CSL,
provided that these apps correspond to your search criteria. For a better understanding:
- Example 1: You have registered for the Jaumo app and consented to the cross-app display of your profile. Your profile will also be displayed to users of the Lovely and Bloom apps (see above). In addition, you have specified in your search criteria that you are looking for dates
with singles over 50. In this case, your profile will also be shown to users of the Finally app.
- Example 2: You have registered for the Jaumo app and consented to your profile being displayed across all apps. Your profile will also be displayed to users of the Lovely and Bloom apps (see above). In addition, you have specified in your search criteria that you are looking for LGBTQ dates. In this case, your profile will also be shown to users of the Spicy app.
We would like to point out that regardless of whether you have consented to the cross-app display of your profile, the profiles of users who have consented to the cross-app display of their profiles themselves will also be displayed within the app you are using in the individual case. The above
statements and examples apply accordingly to these users. The cross-app profile display shown here only takes place if you have given us your consent for this via the consent banner provided. The
legal basis
is therefore always consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR.
You can
withdraw
the consent you have given
at any time
by accessing the profile tab of the app and deactivating the cross-app profile display in your privacy settings and thus withdrawing your consent.
e) App permissions
To use individual features of our app, it is necessary to grant the app certain permissions. If you do not wish to grant these permissions, you will not be able to use the corresponding features.
If only people in your vicinity are to be displayed, you must permit location access.
You can permit the app to send you notifications, for example, to let you know when you have new messages.
You can permit the app to access your smartphone's microphone to record voice messages or join a live voice chat.
In addition, it is required that you give the app permission to access your smartphone's camera if you want to take a profile picture, or permit access to your smartphone's picture gallery if you want to select an existing picture as your profile picture.
The
legal basis for
the processing of personal data regarding these permissions is in each case the fulfillment of a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR. The legal basis for access to information in your device and storage of information in your device following the granting of authorization is Section 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG.
You are free to grant and revoke the corresponding permissions to the app at any time. The mere granting of permissions does not permanently store any additional personal data. Rather, this will be determined by your use of the corresponding features.
‍
f) Consent management using Google UMP
Our App uses the Google User Messaging Platform ("
Google UMP
"), which is provided by Google
Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland for users from the European Economic Area and Switzerland, and by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States of America ("
Google
") for all other users, to manage advertising consent as well as consent to the use of other services.
The consent banner provided by this platform allows us to clearly and transparently explain which third-party providers could process your data in the event that you grant us advertising consent. Furthermore, the banner allows us to manage consent beyond advertising purposes.
The
legal basis for
the use of Google UMP is therefore our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR.
You can always access the Google UMP to manage your consent in the app's profile tab under "Privacy".
g) Use without advertising consent
You have the choice to use our app free of charge. However, since our free offer is financed by advertising, the use of the full range of functions requires that you consent to personalized advertising. Otherwise, you have the choice of either using only basic account management functions (changing the password as well as deleting the account) or booking a paid subscription ("
Pure subscription
").
If you have a Pure subscription, no additional consent is required to use our app. However, even if you have a Pure subscription, you can give us additional consent, for example, for features that help improving our app’s user experience.
h) Use with advertising consent
If you choose to consent to personalized advertising, we use tools and services from various third-party providers to select, manage, and display advertising content. The high number of different tools and services results from the fact that we use a wide variety of advertising networks in order to make the display of advertising content profitable and to be able to offer our app free of charge.
To share consent across providers, our app uses the Transparency and Consent Framework ("
TCF
") of the Interactive Advertising Bureau ("
IAB
") Europe, a digital marketing network.
TCF is a regularly updated standard for obtaining user consent, especially in the area of personalized advertising. In other words, this means that your consent can be shared with other providers using TCF. This is done by means of a so-called TC string, i.e., pseudonymized information regarding the extent and purpose of your advertising consent. This TC string can be shared via the standardized interface of the IAB with third-party providers that book advertising slots in our app.
For you, this simplifies the process of granting as well as revoking consent, while the use of TCF makes cooperation with our partners easier for us.
We currently use the IAB TCF in version 2.2, in accordance with the specifications of the Google UMP consent tool used in our app. For more information, please visit
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
.
You can give your advertising consent when using our app via our Google UMP consent tool. For this purpose, the corresponding consent banner is displayed when you first open the app. You can always find the Google UMP in the app’s profile tab under "Privacy".
Google UMP allows you not only to give or reject consent, but also define the scope of your advertising consent, for example, with regard to the processing purposes and third-party providers involved. In addition, Google UMP will provide you with more detailed information about the processing purposes, third-party providers, and data protection by third-party providers.
If you provide us with unrestricted advertising consent, a variety of third-party vendors and advertising networks will receive and process substantial personal data about you for a variety of purposes. Processing purposes may include, in particular:
Display of contextual ads,
Creation of a personalized display and content profile about you and your interests in order to display personalized ads and personalized content relevant to you,
Display of personalized ads based on this profile,
Tracking of performance and effectiveness of the ads and content you view or interact with,
Market research to learn more about the audiences that use our app and view ads and content,
Improvement of existing systems and software and development of new products.
In summary, the data processing in the advertising context is aimed at tracking your user behavior, displaying advertising and content to you based on your user behavior and your interests and needs, analyzing the success of the displayed advertising and content, and continuously optimizing the advertising and content.
In addition, based on your unrestricted advertising consent, various information (e.g., device ID) from the device you are using is accessed and information is stored in your device, for which various technologies are used.
The data processing outlined here and listed in detail in the Google UMP will only take place if you have given us your express consent through the consent banner provided. Consequently, the
legal basis
always will be consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a GDPR or § 25 (1) TTDSG.
If a data transfer to third countries is part of the data processing, this is carried out - depending on the processing - in accordance with one of the transfer mechanisms provided for in Art. 45 et seq. GDPR (e.g., adequacy decision of the EU Commission) and compliant with the respective requirements of the transfer mechanism.
You can revoke your consent at any time by opening the app’s profile tab and revoking the consent under "Privacy" in Google UMP. If you do not wish to log in, you can also remove the data by using the "Delete app data" function of your device’s operating system which automatically revokes all consent granted in Google UMP.
Below, we have outlined some of the key tools, services, and advertising networks that we use if you provide us with your consent. You can find comprehensive information about all tools, services, and ad networks in Google UMP, which you can access in the app's profile tab under "Privacy".
i. Facebook SDK
Our app uses the Facebook Software Development Kit (Facebook SDK) to deliver ads. The Facebook SDK is offered by Meta Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States of America ("
Meta
").
The Facebook SDK uses information about your smartphone to control the display of certain ads.
For more information about privacy when using Meta products, click here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/center/
.
ii. Google AdMob/Google Ad Manager
Our app uses the Google AdMob or Google Ad Manager platform, offered by Google. Both tools are solutions for offering and selling ads and supplying different types of devices with these ads, for example by integrating them into apps.
iii. AppLovin
Our app uses the service AppLovin, offered by AppLovin Corp, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States of America. AppLovin is an ad management tool that allows us to monetize our offer in a targeted way.
For more information about AppLovin's privacy practices, please visit:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
.
iv. Mintegral
Our app uses the Mintegral service, offered by Mintegral International Ltd, 16 Collyer Quay, Singapore 049318, Singapore. Mintegral is a mobile advertising platform that helps us achieve better integration of advertising into our app.
More information about Mintegral's privacy practices can be found here:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy
.
v. Pangle
Our app uses the service Pangle, offered by Bytedance Pte. Ltd, 43 N 3rd Ring W Rd, Beijing, People's Republic of China ("
Bytedance
"). Pangle is the advertising network of the video platform TikTok, which is also operated by Bytedance, and allows us to include TikTok ontent in our app.
More information about privacy when using Pangle can be found here:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
.
vi. Petal Ads
Our app uses the Petal Ads service, formerly Huawei Ads, offered by Huawei Technologies Co, Ltd, Huawei Base Bantian Longgang District Shenzhen, 518129 People's Republic of China ("Huawei"). Petal Ads particularly allows us to target Huawei devices with advertising content.
For more information about privacy when using Huawei services, please see here:
https://www.huawei.com/en/privacy-policy
.
vii. Smaato
Our app uses the service Smaato, offered by Smaato Inc, 350 5th Avenue, Suite 7700, New York, NY 10118, United States of America. Smaato makes it easier for us to monetize the offers of our app by displaying advertising content.
You can find more information about data protection at Smaato here:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
.
viii. InMobi
Our app uses the service InMobi, offered by InMobi Pte. Ltd, 7th Floor, Delta Block, Embassy Tech Square Main Rd, Kaverappa Layout, Kadabeesanahalli, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560103, India. InMobi is a mobile advertising and app content monetization platform.
You can find more information about privacy at InMobi here:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
.
ix. Prebid
Our app uses the service Prebid, offered by Prebid.org Inc, 276 5th Avenue Suite 704, #756, New York, NY 10001, United States of America. Prebid is an open-source platform that allows us to include so-called "header bidding" in our app, i.e., a real-time auction of advertising space.
More information about Prebid's privacy practices can be found here:
https://prebidprd.wpengine.com/privacy-policy/
.
x. Amazon Ads
Our app uses the Amazon Ads service, offered in Europe by Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l., 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. Amazon Ads allows us to integrate advertising content from the online retailer Amazon as well as from third parties into our apps.
More information about Amazon Ads privacy can be found here:
https://advertising.amazon.com/de-de/legal/privacy-notice
.
xi. AppsFlyer
Our app uses the AppsFlyer service, offered by AppsFlyer Ltd, 111 New Montgomery St, Suite 400, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States of America. AppsFlyer helps us analyze our advertising activity by assigning app installations or general user interactions to advertising campaigns.
For more information about AppsFlyer's privacy practices, please visit:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
xii. Ad4Game
Our app uses the service Ad4Game, offered by Ad4Game Ireland Limited, 6-9 Trinity Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Ad4Game is a tool that helps app developers monetize their apps through the targeted use of advertising.
You can find more information about data protection at Ad4Game here:
https://ad4game.com/privacy/
.
xiii. Improve Digital
Our app uses the service Improve Digital, offered by Azerion Technology B.V., Boeing Avenue 30, 1119 PE Schiphol-Rijk, The Netherlands. Improve Digital is a monetization platform for advertising integration in apps.
More information about Improve Digital's privacy practices can be found here:
https://improvedigital.com/platform-privacy-policy/
.
xiv. PubMatic
Our app uses the PubMatic service, offered by PubMatic, Inc, 601 Marshall St, Redwood City, CA 94063, United States of America. PubMatic is a supply-side platform for automated trading of advertising space in apps.
More information about PubMatic's privacy practices can be found here:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy/
.
xv. Verve Group
Our app uses products from Verve Group Inc, 350 5th Avenue Suite 7700, New York, NY 10118, United States of America. These are different solutions for the integration and analysis of advertisements.
More information about privacy at Verve Group Inc. can be found here:
https://verve.com/product-privacy-policies/
.
xvi. Liftoff
Our app uses the Liftoff service, offered by Liftoff, Inc, 900 Middlefield Rd, Redwood City, CA 94063, United States of America. Liftoff allows us to integrate different networks into our app.
For more information about Liftoff's privacy practices, please visit:
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
.
h) Other functionalities
Our apps offer additional functionalities that do not serve the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements. These features are designed to make the use of our apps safer and more enjoyable, while also contributing to the continuous improvement and expansion of our services.
A key component of these measures is the use of the ChatGPT API, which we utilize primarily for the automated analysis and review of images to detect potential violations and prevent misuse.
If the processing of personal data by our service provider is required in this context, it is carried out strictly within the framework of a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) in accordance with Article 28 of the GDPR. This agreement ensures that personal data is only processed to the extent necessary for the provided functionality and that appropriate legal, technical, and organizational measures are in place. Additionally, we conduct regular reviews to ensure that data processing complies with legal data protection requirements.
i. Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Crashlytics is part of the development tool Google Firebase, a development of Google, which is offered in Europe by Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, and outside Europe by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States of America.
Firebase Crashlytics allows us to detect app crashes and malfunctions in real time. This allows us to find out how the app crashed or malfunctioned and fix it faster.
Firebase Crashlytics processes various personal data and accesses corresponding information on your device, such as:
- Crashlytics installation UIDs,
- Firebase installation ID,
- Breakpad mini-dump formatted data (NDK crashes only).
- Timestamp of the crash
- Bundle ID and the full version number of the app.
- Name and version of the operating system of the device
- A boolean value indicating whether the device has been jailbroken/rooted.
- Model name of the device, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and storage space.
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack traces to associate crashes with a project, display them in the Firebase Console, and help us debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics installation UIDs to measure the number of users affected by a crash, and minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored while the crash session is being processed, and then deleted. The Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will improve crash reporting and crash management services. Firebase Crashlytics stores crash stack traces, extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including Crashlytics installation UIDs) for 90 days.
The
legal basis
for
data processing within the scope of Firebase Crashlytics is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 lit. a GDPR, for access to device information § 25 Para. 1 TTDSG.
More information about Firebase Crashlytics can be found at
https://firebase.google.com/products/crashlytics
.  The terms of use for Firebase Crashlytics are available here:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics
.
ii. Giphy
Giphy is a tool by Giphy Inc., 416 West 13th Street, Suite 207, New York, NY 10014, United States of America. Using Giphy, we can provide you with moving image files, so-called GIFs, which you can include in messages to other users.
In the event that GIFs are used in a conversation, a direct connection is established with Giphy's servers. This provides Giphy with your IP address and the information that you have visited the page on which the GIF was embedded. The service may also store a random identifier on your device. The service is initialized only when it is technically necessary (e.g., when you want to send a GIF, or a GIF is displayed in a conversation).
We do not use Giphy for market analysis, as we do not provide our own GIFs.
The
legal basis
for
data processing within Giphy is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR.  It corresponds to our legitimate interests to enable you to communicate with other app users in a modern way using GIFs. The legal basis for the possible storage of a random identifier on your device is Section 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG.
More information about data processing when using Giphy can be found at
https://giphy.com/privacy
.
iii. Zendesk
Zendesk is a customer service platform provided by Zendesk Inc, 989 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States of America. Using Zendesk helps us to handle customer service requests more efficiently.
The
legal basis
for
data processing within the scope of Zendesk is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. It is our legitimate interest to use specialized software for the efficient processing of customer service requests and thus to be able to respond to you as quickly and accurately as possible.
For more information about data processing when using Zendesk, please visit
https://www.zendesk.de/trust-center/#privacy
.
6. Your rights
As a person affected by a processing of personal data, both in relation to the app and in relation to our internet offer, you have the following rights against us as the controller:
Right of access,
i.e., the right to request confirmation as to whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, to request further information, in particular about the purposes of the processing, categories of personal data, recipients or categories of recipients and storage period.
Right of rectification
, i.e., the right to have
data that we have stored about you corrected or completed without delay in the event of errors or gaps.
Right to restrict processing,
i.e., the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances, such as during an ongoing review of the accuracy of that data.
Right of erasure
, i.e., the right to
demand that we immediately delete your personal data in certain situations, such as if we processed your data unlawfully, the purpose for processing the data no longer exists, or you have withdrawn your consent to the processing, provided that the data processing in this case cannot be based on other legal grounds.
Right of information
, i.e., the right that we notify, unless impossible or involves a disproportionate effort, all recipients to whom we have disclosed your personal data of any rectification, erasure, or restriction of processing.
Right to data portability
, i.e., the right, under certain conditions, to receive the data provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format, as well as the right to have this data transferred to another controller.
Right to object,
i.e., the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your specific situation, to the processing of your personal data based on a legitimate interest of the controller or on the performance by the controller of a task carried out in the public interest.
Right of revocation
, i.e., the right to revoke your consent at any time for the future. The revocation of consent does not retroactively invalidate the lawfulness of past processing activity.
Right of appeal
, i.e., the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority about a processing of your personal data which you consider to be in breach of the GDPR, without prejudice to other legal remedies, which may be invoked in particular in the Member State of your residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged breach.
You can assert these rights against us, for example, by using the contact options listed at the beginning of this privacy notice.
If you have any further questions about the contents of this privacy notice, about our handling of your data, or about other data protection topics in connection with our products, we are gladly available to support you.