This Privacy Policy statement is made by the GameAnax Group consisting of all the entities listed here (collectively, “GameAnax”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and is effective as of 25th May 2018.
GameAnax’s Privacy Commitment
GameAnax has worried about customer and user privacy for almost 20 years, long before it become politically correct, fashionable, or legally binding to take such position. We ask / collect only the least amount of information necessary gathering only when we believe is essential for doing business, or for the specific transaction at hand. We let customers know the information we have on them and allow them to opt out for specific engagements. But, our biggest commitment is that we do not make a single dollar from advertising revenu-never have, never will, even if you just have submit a enquiry for project and does not opt to our services. We avoid the fundamental conflict of interest between gathering customer information and fueling advertising revenue, and the inevitable compromises in customer privacy that it brings.
The goal of this policy is to make explicit the information we gather on our customers and website users, how we will use it, and how we will not. This policy is unfortunately longer that we would like, but we must unambiguously address all the relevant cases. We will try and keep the language simple and direct as much as possible.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all GameAnax websites that link to it. It also applies to the products and services provided by GameAnax through these websites, our mobile applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our websites, products or services that have a separate privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Part I – Information GameAnax collects and controls
This part deals with how GameAnax collects and uses information about website visitors, potential customers, users of GameAnax’s services, and others who contact GameAnax through forms or email addresses published on or linked to our websites.
Part II – Information that GameAnax processes on your behalf
This part deals with how GameAnax handles data that you entrust to GameAnax when you use our products and services, or when you share any personal or confidential information with us while requesting customer support.
Part III – General
Part I – Information GameAnax collects and controls
What information GameAnax collects
We collect information about you only if we need the information for some legitimate purpose. GameAnax will have information about you only if (a) you have provided the information yourself, (b) GameAnax has automatically collected the information, or (c) GameAnax has obtained the information from a third party. Below we describe the various scenarios that fall under each of those three categories and the information collected in each one.
Information that you provide us
Enquiry Form / Email / Third Party Partners to generate new enquiries :
When you contact us using online web form, email to obtain or enquire regarding one or more of our services, we ask for information like your name, contact number, email address, company name and country to complete the enquiry process. You may also provide us with more information such as your photo, time zone and language, but we don’t require that information for initial contact. Once you submit the enquiry in any above mentioned form, our legitimate employees will have direct access to your information to further process the enquiry and contact you in regard with obtaining pre-sales information regarding your business and project related information.
Surveys, Feedback and other form submissions:
We record information that you submit when you (i) register for any event, including webinars or seminars, (ii) subscribe to our newsletter or any other mailing list, (iii) submit a form in order to download portfolio, company profile, whitepaper, or other materials, (iv) participate in contests or respond to surveys, or (v) submit a form to request customer support or to contact GameAnax for any other purpose.
Project Creation :
When you acquire or sign a contract to buy any of our services, we ask you to provide your name, contact information, personal details, project related information, social media profile links and timezone. We store all of this information to our secured project management software (ERP).
Payment processing :
When you acquire or buy any of services from us, we ask you to provide your name, contact information, and credit card information or paypal. We NEVER STORE any of your Payment related information including credit card, bank details, paypal details or any other means through which your choose to make a payment. All payments are getting processed with secured servers of our Payment Gateway Service Providers.
Testimonials :
When you authorize us to post testimonials about our products and services on websites, we may include your name and other personal information in the testimonial. You will be given an opportunity to review and approve the testimonial before we post it. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us through this form
Interactions with GameAnax :
We may record, analyze and use your interactions with us, including email, telephone, and chat conversations with our sales, project management, account management and customer support professionals, for improving our interactions with you and other customers.
Information that we collect automatically
Information from browsers, devices and servers :
When you visit our websites, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers make available, such as the internet protocol address, browser type, language preference, time zone, referring URL, date and time of access, operating system, mobile device manufacturer, mobile network information and your geographic information. We include these in our log files to understand more about visitors to our websites.
Information from first party cookies and tracking technologies :
We use temporary and permanent cookies to identify users of our services and to enhance user experience. We also use cookies, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies to identify visitors, track website navigation, gather demographic information about visitors and users, understand email campaign effectiveness and for targeted visitor and user engagement by tracking your activities on our websites. We use third-party tracking services like google analytics and google tag manager to understand the behaviour of our website visitors and serve them better.
Information from application logs and mobile analytics :
We collect information about your use of our website and mobile applications from application logs and third party analytics tools, and use it to understand how your business use and needs can improve our services. This information includes clicks, scrolls, features accessed, access time and frequency, errors generated, performance data, and configurations, and devices used to access and their locations.
Information that we collect from third parties
Referrals :
If someone has referred any of our products or services to you through any of our referral programs, that person may have provided us your name, email address and other personal information. You may contact us through this form
https://www.GameAnax.com/feedback
to request that we remove your information from our database. If you provide us information about another person, or if another person gives us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Information from social media sites and other publicly available sources :
When you interact or engage with us on social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Instagram through posts, comments, questions and other interactions, we may collect such publicly available information, including profile information, to allow us to connect with you, improve our services, or better understand user reactions and issues. We must tell you that once collected, this information may remain with us even if you delete it from the social media sites.
Purposes for using information
In addition to the purposes mentioned above, we may use your information for the following purposes:
To communicate with you (such as through email) about projects that you have and services that you have enquired for, changes to this Privacy Policy, changes to the Terms of Service, or important notices;
To keep you posted on new products and services, upcoming events, offers, promotions and other information that we think will be of interest to you;
To ask you to participate in surveys, or to solicit feedback on our products and services;
To set up and maintain your account, and to do all other things required for providing our services, such as enabling collaboration, requirement gathering, project development, and deployment of project;
To understand how users use our products and services, to monitor and prevent problems, and to improve our products and services;
To provide customer support, and to analyze and improve our interactions with customers;
To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, to report spam, and to protect the rights and interests of GameAnax, GameAnax’s users, third parties and the public;
To update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you;
To analyze trends, administer our websites, and track visitor navigations on our websites to understand what visitors are looking for and to better help them;
To monitor and improve marketing campaigns and make suggestions relevant to the user.
Legal bases for collecting and using information
Legal processing bases applicable to GameAnax : If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for information collection and use depends on the personal information concerned and the context in which we collect it. Most of our information collection and processing activities are typically based on (i) contractual necessity, (ii) one or more legitimate interests of GameAnax or a third party that are not overridden by your data protection interests, or (iii) your consent. Sometimes, we may be legally required to collect your information, or may need your personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Withdrawal of consent : Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Legitimate interests notice : Where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis and those legitimate interests are not specified above, we will clearly explain to you what those legitimate interests are at the time that we collect your information.
Your choice in information use
Opt out of non-essential electronic communications : You may opt out of receiving newsletters and other non-essential messages by using the ‘unsubscribe’ function included in all such messages. However, you will continue to receive notices and essential transactional emails, related to services you acquired for.
Disable cookies : You can disable browser cookies before visiting our websites. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features of the websites properly.
Who we share your information with
All GameAnax group entities listed here have access to the information covered in Part I. We do not sell any personal information. We share your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy, and only with parties who adopt appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Employees and independent vendors : Employees and independent vendors of all GameAnax group entities have access to the information covered in Part I on a need-to-know basis. We require all employees and independent vendors of GameAnax group entities to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them.
Third-party service providers : We may need to share your personal information and aggregated or de-identified information with third-party service providers that we engage, such as marketing and advertising partners, event organizers, web analytics providers and payment processors. These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share the same information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III.
Your rights with respect to information we hold about you as a controller
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the following rights with respect to information that GameAnax holds about you. GameAnax undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live.
Right to access : You have the right to access (and obtain a copy of, if required) the categories of personal information that we hold about you, including the information source, purpose and period of processing, and the persons to whom the information is shared.
Right to rectification : You have the right to update the information we hold about you or to rectify any inaccuracies. Based on the purpose for which we use your information, you can instruct us to add supplemental information about you.
Right to erasure : You have the right to request that we delete your personal information in certain circumstances, such as when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Right to restriction of processing : You may also have the right to request to restrict the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as when you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to object : You have the right to object to the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as the use of your personal information for direct marketing.
Right to complain : You have the right to complain to the appropriate supervisory authority if you have any grievance against the way we collect, use or share your information. This right may not be available to you if there is no supervisory authority dealing with data protection in your country.
Retention of information
We retain your personal information for as long as it is required for the purpose stated in this privacy policy. We may retain your information for longer periods as permitted or required by law, such as to maintain suppression lists, prevent abuse, if required in connection with a legal claim or proceeding, to enforce our agreements, for tax, accounting, or comply with other legal obligations. We may store your information as we do required information related to our customers for legal means and financing and future contact purpose.
Part II – Information that GameAnax processes on your behalf
Information entrusted to GameAnax and purpose
Information provided in connection with services : You may entrust information that you or your organization (“you”) control, to GameAnax in connection with use of our services or for requesting technical support for our services. This includes information regarding your customers and your employees (if you are a controller) or data that you hold and use on behalf of another person for a specific purpose, such as a customer to whom you provide services (if you are a processor). The data may either be stored on our servers when you use our services, or transferred or shared to us as part of a request for technical support or other services.
(All the information entrusted to GameAnax is collectively termed “service data”)
Ownership and control of your service data
We recognize that you own your service data. We provide you complete control of your service data by providing you the ability to (i) access your service data, (ii) share your service data through supported third-party integrations, and (iii) request export or deletion of your service data.
How we use service data
We process your service data when you provide us instructions through the various phases of our services or project development.
Who we share service data with
GameAnax group and third party sub-processors : In order to provide services and technical support during the development, the contracting entity for which you want to acquired third-party services.
Employees and independent vendors : We may provide access to your service data to our employees and individuals who are independent contractors of the GameAnax group entities involved in providing the services (collectively our “employees”) so that they can (i) identify, analyze and resolve errors, (ii) manually verify emails reported as spam to improve spam detection, We ensure that access by our employees to your service data is restricted to specific individuals, and is logged and audited. Our employees will also have access to data that you knowingly share with us for project development, technical support or to import data for testing purpose for project development needs. We communicate our privacy and security guidelines to our employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the GameAnax group.
Third-party integrations you have enabled : If you choose to enable any third-party integrations with your project, you may be allowing the third party to access your service information and personal information about you. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of the third-party services and products before you enable integrations with them.
Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share information that are common to information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III.
Retention of information
We hold the data in your account as long as you choose to use GameAnax Services. Once you terminate your contract with GameAnax or Project is completed and delivered, your data, code, database will be stored for backup and repository purpose only in secured environment. Your personal and service data information being a client will be stored within our ERP for future reference and accounting purpose.
Data subject requests
If you are from the European Economic Area and you believe that we store, use or process your information on behalf of one of our customers, please contact the customer support if you would like to access, rectify, erase, restrict or object to processing, or export your personal data. We will extend our support to our customer in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Part III – General
Children’s personal information
Our services are not directed to individuals under 16. GameAnax does not knowingly collect personal information from children who are under 16 years of age. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you believe that a child under 16 years has provided personal information to us, please write to through this form
https://www.GameAnax.com/feedback
with the details, and we will take the necessary steps to delete the information we hold about that child.
How secure is your information
We have taken steps to implement appropriate administrative, technical & physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or destruction of the information you entrust to us. If you have any concerns regarding the security of your data, we encourage you to check our
Security Policy
or write to us at through this form
https://www.GameAnax.com/feedback
with any questions.
Locations and international transfers
We share your personal information and service data within the GameAnax Group (Click Her for . By accessing or using our products and services or otherwise providing personal information or service data to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of your personal information or Service Data within the United States of America, the European Economic Area (EEA) and other countries where GameAnax operates. Such transfer is subject to a group company agreement that is based on EU Commission’s Model Contractual Clauses.
Do Not Track (DNT) requests
Some internet browsers have enabled ‘Do Not Track’ (DNT) features, which send out a signal (called the DNT signal) to the websites that you visit indicating that you don’t wish to be tracked. Currently, there is no standard that governs what websites can or should do when they receive these signals. For now, we do not take action in response to these signals.
External links on our websites
Some pages of our websites may contain links to websites that are not linked to this Privacy Policy. If you submit your personal information to any of these third-party sites, your personal information is governed by their privacy policies. As a safety measure, we recommend that you not share any personal information with these third parties unless you’ve checked their privacy policies and assured yourself of their privacy practices.
Blogs and forums
We offer publicly accessible blogs on our websites. Please be aware that any information you provide on these blogs may be used to contact you with unsolicited messages. We urge you to be cautious in disclosing personal information in our blogs and forums. GameAnax is not responsible for the personal information you elect to disclose publicly. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account with GameAnax. To request the removal of your information from our blogs, you can contact us at through this form
https://www.GameAnax.com/feedback.
Social media widgets
Our websites and blog include social media widgets such as Facebook “like” buttons and Twitter “tweet” buttons that let you share articles and other information. These widgets may collect information such as your IP address and the pages you navigate in the website, and may set a cookie to enable the widgets to function properly. Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
Disclosures in compliance with legal obligations
We may be required by law to preserve or disclose your personal information and service data to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements.
Enforcement of our rights
We may disclose personal information and service data to a third party if we believe that such disclosure is necessary for preventing fraud, investigating any suspected illegal activity, enforcing our agreements or policies, or protecting the safety of our users.
Business Transfers
We do not intend to sell our business. However, in the unlikely event that we sell our business or get acquired or merged, we will ensure that the acquiring entity is legally bound to honor our commitments to you. We will notify you via email or through a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or in the uses of your personal information and service data. We will also notify you about any choices you may have regarding your personal information and service data.
Compliance with this Privacy Polic
We make every effort, including periodic reviews, to ensure that personal information you provide is used in conformity with this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about our adherence to this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your personal information is used, kindly write to us through this form
https://www.GameAnax.com/feedback
We’ll contact you, and if required, coordinate with the appropriate regulatory authorities to effectively address your concerns.
Notification of changes
We may modify the Privacy Policy at any time, upon notifying you through a service announcement or by sending an email to your primary email address. If we make significant changes to the Privacy Policy that affect your rights, you will be provided with at least 30 days’ advance notice of the changes by email to your primary email address. If you think that the updated Privacy Policy affects your rights with respect to your use of our products or services, you may terminate your use by sending us an email within 30 days. Your continued use after the effective date of changes to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the modified Privacy Policy. You will not receive email notification of minor changes to the Privacy Policy. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check back at https://www.GameAnax.com/policies/ periodically.