App Privacy Policy
1. Data
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
2. Location
In serving you, we may use or store your precise geographic location, if you give us permission to do so. We do not use or share this data for any other purpose. Many devices will indicate through an icon when location services are operating. We only share this location information with others as approved by you.
3. Sharing
We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
4. Ad Tracking
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. The ad companies that may use and collect anonymous data about your interests through this app are:
AdMob (Google)
Apple iAd
Chartboost
RevMob
Please visit their websites to see their company privacy policies and opt-out choices.
5. Face Data
We do not collect your face data in this application nor share this information with any outside vendors.
6. Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
us@rocketsplashgames.com
http://www.rocketsplashgames.com
7. Vendors
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. The analytics companies that may access this anonymous data are:
Google Analytics
8. Security
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
9. Special
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
10. More
This privacy policy was last updated on July 28, 2020 where information regarding face data was added. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email, push notification or text.
If you have additional questions, or require additional information, feel free to contact us at:
[ us@rocketsplashgames.com ]