General
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated 22 November 2024
Commercial Bank of Dubai (“CBD” or “the Bank”) is responsible for ensuring data protection and individual customer confidentiality with respect to any profiling, data mining, marketing and sales of financial services through use of new technologies and social media.
The Bank has a legal obligation of confidentiality towards a customer.
Collecting, Using, Sharing and Retaining Information
1. Personal Information We Collect Online
Personal Information means personally identifiable information such as information you provide via forms, surveys, applications or other online fields including name, postal or email addresses, telephone, fax or mobile numbers, or account numbers.
2. The Collection of Image, the Usage of Collected Image
The captured images that are uploaded on our application, including but not limited to Emirates ID and any other relevant documentation that we may require, are used for the sole purpose of validation, and will only be stored within our server for any future use. Such data/information will remain confidential and will not be shared with any third parties except if required by law, regulation, or by any competent authority. By uploading the required documents or the images on our application, you acknowledge and confirm that by uploading such images consisting of data and information, you consent for us to collect and store such images or data/information to use for our records.
3. How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information:
to respond to      your inquiries and fulfil your requests;
to send you      important information regarding the CBD website, changes to terms,      conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information;
to send you      marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you;
to personalize      your experience on the CBD website by presenting content, ads or offers      tailored to you;
to allow you      to apply for products or services and evaluate your eligibility for such      products or services;
to verify your      identity and/or location in order to allow access to your accounts,      conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing      fraud and protecting the security of account and personal information;
to allow you      to participate in surveys, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions      and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have      additional rules, which may contain additional information about how      personal information is used and shared;
to allow you      to use any CBD website financial planning tools. Please note that some      planning tools require that you provide personal information, whereas      others do not. Information that you enter into one of these planning tools      may be stored for future access and use. You have the option not to save      the information;
to consolidate      your financial account information at one online location, understand what      product or service may be of interest to you, and present you with offers;
to collect      information through our social media pages and interactions with you to      assist in verifying your identity and account status. We may combine this      information with information we already have;
to enhance the      CBD website, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of      promotional campaigns; and
for risk      control, for fraud detection and prevention, to comply with laws and      regulations, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement      requirements.
4. Other Information We Collect Online
Other information refers to any information other than personal information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as browser information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies, demographic information, other information provided by you such as your date of birth or household income, and aggregated and de-identified data. You can be located automatically when using CBD Mobile Applications if you activated the location services on your smartphone. It is clarified that CBD performs conservation of historical location data for different reasons including but not limited to marketing purposes. It is reminded that CBD will not be held responsible for any use that is made of the automatic location data related to mobile phones including GPS, particularly regarding private and personal data that is managed directly by mobiles phones providers.
5. How We Collect and Use Other Information
We and our third-party service providers may collect and use other information in a variety of ways, including but not limited to:
Through your browser:
Certain information is collected by most browsers, device type, screen resolution, operating system version and internet browser type and version. We use this information to ensure that the CBD website functions properly and for security purposes.
Using cookies:
Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device you are using. The cookies we use do not contain or capture unencrypted personal information. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the CBD website, pages visited, language preferences, and your relationship with us. We use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize/customize your experience while visiting the CBD website, and to recognize your device to allow your use of our online products and services. We collect statistical information about the usage of the CBD website in order to continually improve the design and functionality, to monitor responses to our advertisements and content, to understand how account holders and visitors use the CBD website and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the CBD website. We also utilize cookies for online advertising purposes.
You can refuse to accept these cookies. Most devices and browsers offer their own privacy settings for cookies. You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the CBD website and some online products and services. For example, we will not be able to recognize your device and you will need to answer a challenge question each time you log on. Also, you may not receive customized advertising or other offers from us that may be relevant to your interests and needs.
6. How We Share Personal Information
Before requesting the consent of a customer to share personal data, the Bank must proactively disclose in writing to a customer its intent to use and/or share personal data and with whom the customer’s personal data will be shared.
The customer must give his/her expressed consent freely to a request for the use and sharing of personal data by the Bank for marketing and/or transferring the personal data to authorized agents for direct marketing.
The customer has the right to accept or refuse to provide expressed consent. The customer also has the right to request not to share their data with CBD Group companies. In case they do not wish to have the data shared they must notify the Bank accordingly.
The customer shall have the right to withdraw expressed consent for the following at any time:
a. The processing of personal data by the Bank except where personal data is required for business operations related to the customer's products and services; and
b. Personal data sharing with authorized agents and other third parties for purposes such as but not limited to sales and marketing.
We May Share      Information with Our Affiliates
In order to provide financial services to you, we may share certain information about you with our affiliates. We may share personal information (such as name, address and account number) and account information (such as type of accounts, account balances and transaction history) with our affiliates so that they can serve you more efficiently. Our affiliates maintain the same privacy standards as we do.
We May Share      Information with Third-Party Service Providers
In order for us to conduct our operations, including servicing your account or processing your transactions, we may need to share information with our service providers, nationally and internationally, including data processing companies, cheque, ATM, and other payment processing companies, payment networks, loan service providers, insurance companies, collection agencies, credit reporting agencies and other service providers with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These service providers act on our behalf and have agreed in writing to keep the customer information we provide to them confidential. We do not share your account numbers with independent third-party marketers offering their own products and services. While we may assist in offering financial products and services of our affiliates or other financial service providers, we control the customer information used in connection with these offers. Our service providers maintain the same privacy standards as we do. The information shared with service providers will be used for the purpose of performing CBD services and they do not have any right to process such information for any other purpose (except to comply with a regulatory or legal requirement according to an applicable law).
We May Share      Information as Legally Required or Permitted
We may share your personal information in response:
To a lawful request issued by a court, a government agency, a regulatory authority or as permitted by law. We may also share your information in response to a request made by a merchant or business necessary to effect, administer or enforce a transaction that you had requested or authorized in connection with the servicing or processing of a financial product or service, or to maintain or service your account with us.
When disclosure is made with the express consent of the customer or through a representative nominated by the customer.
7. How we retain information
Data shall be retained for the minimum period necessary to fulfil its intended purpose and comply with legal and regulatory requirements. All personal data, documents, records, and files must be securely retained for a minimum of 5 years.
Data that has reached the end of its retention period shall be securely disposed of in a manner that ensures complete destruction and prevents unauthorized access. This includes the use of data shredding, degaussing, and other secure disposal methods.
Mobile Applications
Commercial Bank of Dubai's mobile applications ("applications") allow you to access your account balances and holdings, make transfers and pay bills on your mobile device. This policy applies to any personal information or other information that we may collect through the applications.
Linking to other websites
We may provide links to third party websites. If you follow links to websites not affiliated or controlled by us, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions, as they may be different from those of CBD website. Commercial Bank of Dubai does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these websites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of their information.
Security
To protect personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use leading data protection security measures. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of our third-party service providers to ensure information remains confidential and secure.
CBD informs affected customers, without delay, if the Bank becomes aware of unauthorized access to, and/or loss, destruction, or alteration of customers' personal data where it may reasonably pose a risk to the customer's financial and personal security and/or where it may pose reputational harm to a customer.
Making sure information is accurate
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please update your information on our CBD website by making the necessary corrections or deletions, or call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements, records, online or other account materials. You can also speak to a customer representative.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This policy is subject to change to ensure that CBD continues to comply with leading data protection standards. Please review it periodically. If we make changes to the policy, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy. Any changes to this policy will become effective when we post the revised policy on the CBD website. Your use of the CBD website following these changes means that you accept the revised policy.
Related products
Accounts & Investments
Our services are designed to help you grow your funds with minimal maintenance.
Learn more
Accounts
CBD's personal banking products are packed with features that helps you grow your funds.
Learn more
Visa Infinite
A world to meet the highest expectations, designed to serve the specialised needs of our most discerning clients.
Learn more
Savings & Deposits
Find the right account to grow your capital and secure your financial future.
Learn more
Download the CBD App and access your financial future from the palm of your hand.
Explore Mobile App Features
You will receive message shortly.
+971
Send Mobile App Link
Please enter valid mobile number
Please enter valid mobile number
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Other ways to connect
Get in touch
Branch & ATM Locator
Within UAE:
600 575 556
Outside UAE:
+971 600 575 556
Accessibility
Chatbot
Disclaimer
Aysha, our AI-powered assistant, is in a learning and improvement phase.
While we strive for accuracy, responses may not always reflect the latest updates and should be used as general guidance only. Aysha is for conventional personal banking products only, not Islamic Finance banking products. We appreciate your understanding that we will not be held liable or responsible for any decisions or feedback provided by Aysha.
Your use of Aysha signifies your acceptance of this disclaimer and understanding of its limitations. This service should be used thoughtfully and at your own discretion. For information on our full range of products and services, including but not limited to Islamic Banking, please visit our website, available in both English and Arabic.
Accept and continue
Decline
Hi! I'm Aysha, your CBD virtual assistant. I’m committed to assisting you to the best of my ability, however I might not always have the information you need... but don't worry I'm continuously learning! How can I help you today?
04:38 AM
What type of credit card does CBD offer?
How can I open an account?
How do I report a lost or stolen credit card?
How can I open an account?
What credit cards do you offer?
How do I report a lost or stolen credit card?
Close the conversation
Do you want to clear this conversation and close the session?
Yes
No
Hey! Your feedback helps me improve. Mind sharing your thoughts? Thank you for choosing CBD.
☆
☆
☆
☆
☆
Skip & Close
Submit
Thank You! We value your feedback and will definitely strive to improve our services.
×
Your Feedback
Thank you for sharing your feedback!
Chat