Privacy
Policy
for
Mobile
Apps
Last updated: November 21, 2024
Aphasia-Friendly Summary:
This
policy
is about our
apps only
.
We
do NOT collect
any
information
from you.
You can
add personal information
to the apps.
We never see
that
information
.
By
using
our
apps
,
you
agree
to this
policy
. You may
stop using
our
apps
to
withdraw consent
.
Contact
us at
privacy@tactustherapy.com
to ask
what information
we have about
you
.
Tell us
if the
information
about
you
is
wrong
. We will
update
it.
Contact
privacy@tactustherapy.com
with other
questions
about this
policy
.
This is a
legal policy
. This
summary
is provided for
accessibility only
. The
official
policy is
below
.
POLICY
Your privacy and personal information are very important to us. The personal information that Tactus Therapy Solutions Ltd. (“Tactus” or “we” or “We” or “our” or “Our”) collects about you (“You”, “you”, “Your”, “your”, or the “User”) in connection with Tactus’ Mobile Apps is managed in accordance with this Privacy Policy for Mobile Apps (“Policy” or “Privacy Policy”). Tactus makes available mobile application software applications (the “Apps”) for speech therapy. This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, including personal information relating to and collected in connection with your use of the Apps.
The Apps include the following titles available through the Apple App Store and Google Play Store:
Language Therapy 4-in-1, Language Therapy Lite,  Advanced Language Therapy 4-in-1, Advanced Language Therapy Lite, Comprehension Therapy, Naming Therapy, Reading Therapy, Writing Therapy, Advanced Comprehension Therapy, Advanced Naming Therapy, Advanced Reading Therapy, Advanced Writing Therapy, Conversation Therapy, Conversation Therapy Lite, Category Therapy, Category Therapy Lite, Number Therapy, Number Therapy Lite, Apraxia Therapy, Apraxia Therapy Lite, Speech FlipBook, AlphaTopics AAC, Dysphagia Therapy, Spaced Retrieval Therapy, Visual Attention Therapy, Visual Attention Therapy Lite
BY DOWNLOADING AND USING THE APPS, YOU AGREE AND CONSENT TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPS.
This Privacy Policy is specific to Tactus’ Mobile Apps, and does not apply to Tactus’ website and Tactus’ web application, the Virtual Rehab Center.  For information on Tactus’ privacy policies and practices with respect to Tactus’ website and Tactus’ Virtual Rehab Center, please see Tactus’ web privacy policy at
https://tactustherapy.com/privacy-vrc
. The Apps are available only to, and may only be used by persons who can enter into legally binding contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, the Apps are not available to minors. If you are under the age of majority in your jurisdiction, please do not use the Apps.
1. LIMITING COLLECTION
Tactus does
not collect information
about identifiable individuals through the Apps. There are no logins or accounts to use the Apps. An internet connection is not required after downloading/installing the Apps.
It is possible to add personal information to some Apps. There is a place to add an email address in most apps to facilitate sending results by email. Some apps allow users to add their own words, phrases, phone numbers, or pictures to provide personalized exercises. Some apps record audio of the user speaking for feedback; this audio can optionally be emailed with the report. The reports can be emailed, exported, printed, or otherwise saved to the device at the user’s discretion. None of the custom words, recordings, or reports are stored by or sent back to Tactus. They are stored locally on the device or wherever the user directs them. None of this personal information is required to use the Apps, but it is available functionality.
If you elect to provide an email address or elect to enter any other personal information to use the above functionalities, Tactus will use the email address and other personal information provided only for the purposes specified above.
The sale/purchase of the Apps is handed by Apple and Google. Users will have accounts and other information stored with these licensed sellers of the Apps, which are subject to their respective privacy policies.  Tactus is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by Apple, Google, or other third-party websites. Therefore, we suggest you examine those sites’ privacy statements to learn how your information may be collected, used, shared and disclosed. Tactus does not endorse, approve of, verify, attest to, or offer any representation or warranty regarding third party privacy practices.
2. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy describes our current privacy practices. We update this Policy on an ongoing basis to ensure consumers, applicants, customers and service providers, are aware of updates to our privacy practices, to streamline those practices and to comply with applicable laws. Please visit the Website regularly for updates.
3. WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
You may withdraw your consent to the use of your email address as set out in this Privacy Policy at any time, by updating your preferences in the applicable App to remove reference to your email address. Withdrawal of your consent to the use of your email address will result in the email results delivery functionality being unavailable to you.
4. ACCURACY AND SECURITY
We take steps to ensure that your personal information is as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. If you believe that the personal information we have about you is not accurate or is incomplete, please update your information through the applicable App, or by email at
privacy@tactustherapy.com
.
We use a variety of procedures and practices appropriate to the sensitivity of personal information to protect against loss, theft, and unauthorized access. Access to your information is restricted to those individuals and parties who require access for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. For example, Tactus may secure personal information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Personal information is not kept by Tactus for any longer than is necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. Personal information that is no longer required will be destroyed, erased, or made anonymous.
5. OPENNESS AND CHALLENGING COMPLIANCE
You can write to Tactus to request access to the personal information we have on file for you. We will provide you with the personal information we have, or confirm that we do not have any personal information of you, subject to certain considerations specified by law. If you wish to request access to the personal information that we have on file for you, or request that such personal information be corrected, please contact Tactus’ designated Privacy Officer at
privacy@tactustherapy.com
.
Tactus welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you would like more information on this Privacy Policy or Tactus’ organizational privacy policies, or if believe that Tactus has not adhered to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact Tactus’ designated Privacy Officer at
privacy@tactustherapy.com
. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly identify and remedy any failure by Tactus to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.