📅
Revised policy dated
10/01/2025
Processing manager
Kwit
SAS with share capital of €50,010
31 Rue du Fossé des Treize
67000 STRASBOURG
N° RCS Strasbourg 819 528 597
Phone: (+33) 637 868 460
E-Mail :
hello@kwit.app
DPO
Maitre Apolline SCHMITT :
dpo@kwit.app
Person concerned
Any user of the Kwit application or website
Purposes for which data is processed, legal basis for processing, data collected, and retention period.
The data of users of the Kwit application or website that may be subject to personal data processing includes all data directly entered by users (direct collection) and the indirectly collected data specified in the table below.
The button "Invite" friends to recommend Kwit opens user-sharing applications without transferring any data to Kwit.
Purposes
Mandatory or optional nature of answers
Mandatory
answers
When an answer is mandatory, the button allowing you to move on to the next screen is grey, and it is impossible to continue without providing an answer.  This allows the data controller to process the request.
Optional answers
When an answer is optional, the button for moving on to the next screen is non-gray. It is possible to continue without providing an answer.
Data source
Data sources are as follows:
Data entered directly by the user of the mobile application or website (direct collection);
Technical data generated during use of the application (indirect collection);
Algorithmic data generated from data entered by the mobile application user (indirect collection).
Children's privacy
Kwit services are designed for people aged 15 and over. Children under the age of majority in their country of residence must at least remain under the supervision and consent of their legal representatives. Otherwise, please do not attempt to use the Kwit platform or services.
If you believe that Kwit may have processed information from minors, please report this immediately to
hello@kwit.app
so that Kwit can remove it.
Recipients
Internally: data is transferred only to departments authorized to process it for the purposes for which it is to be used, i.e. :
General Management
Support department
Technical department
Administrative department
Design department
Externally: data may be transferred, depending on the purpose and only after Kwit has ensured compliance with legal requirements, to the following persons:
technical subcontractors (data hosts, payment services, dispatch services)
authorized authorities (tax authorities, judicial authorities, etc.)
financial subcontractors (accountants)
legal subcontractors (lawyers, consultants, etc.)
Transfers outside the EU
Some data may be processed outside the European Union and transferred to the USA. The USA benefits from an adequacy decision. In addition, Kwit ensures that the recipient complies with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework regulation following the European Commission's decision of July 10, 2023.
Security
As the protection of information is paramount for Kwit, Kwit requires an adequate and sufficient level of security according to the criteria of the RGPD for the storage and processing of its users' data.
Rights of the data subject
Any user of the application or website has the following rights, subject to proof of compliance with legal requirements:
Right of access to his/her data (article 15 RGPD)
Right to rectification of data (article 16 RGPD)
Right to erasure of data (Article 17 GDPR)
Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR)
Right to data portability (article 20 RGPD)
Right to object (Article 21 GDPR)
Right to define directives concerning the fate of one's data after one's death
For further information, the data subject is invited to consult the CNIL's explanations of these various rights, accessible at the following link:
https://www.cnil.fr/fr/les-droits-pour-maitriser-vos-donnees-personnelles
.
Kwit does not engage in data profiling.
Exercising your rights
Any person concerned may exercise his or her rights by sending a letter to DPO Kwit- Maitre Apolline SCHMITT 52 Avenue des Vosges à 67000 STRASBOURG or by e-mail to :
dpo@kwit.app
.
In the event of reasonable doubt(s) as to the identity of the person concerned, the latter is hereby informed that Kwit may ask for proof of identity in order to ensure the exact identity of the person making any request and to avoid the communication of data to an illegitimate third party.
Kwit also reserves the right not to respond favorably to any request in the following cases:
if the user is unable to prove his or her identity
If the request prevents Kwit from complying with its regulatory obligations
If the request involves excessive costs or effort.
Right to lodge a complaint with the CNIL
If, after contacting Kwit, the person concerned considers that his or her rights have not been respected, he or she may lodge a complaint with the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL), 3 Place de Fontenoy - TSA 80715 - 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07 or on its dedicated online form.
Modification of this RGPD information
This RGPD information may be modified at any time in particular due to legislative or case law developments. Any modification will come into force immediately after its publication.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this RGPD information, Kwit will be happy to answer any queries at
hello@kwit.app
.
Withdrawal of consent
Users are informed that they may withdraw their consent at any time for any processing based on their consent.
To this end, a dedicated section in the application and on the website allows users to modify their choices regarding data processing subject to their consent.
A link is also present in every e-mail sent to enable unsubscribing from offers and the newsletter anytime.
⚠️
The user's attention is drawn to the fact that deleting some data may render the application functional in degraded mode or even impossible for certain functions since this could create cases not foreseen by the application's developers.
Data entered by the user
The data entered may change as the application and platforms evolve.
UUID (Unique User IDentifier)
A UUID (Unique User IDentifier) can be described as a universal unique identifier.
Each Kwit user is assigned a UUID to ensure that he or she is uniquely recognized by the application. So, even if two people had the same pseudonym, the application could differentiate between them thanks to their respective UUIDs.
A UUID in the application is unique to you, and no one else shares this number. Every time you use the app, this number makes it possible to know who you are, track your actions, and provide your personal information and preferences without mixing them with anyone else's.