Our family sites
Omnissa.com
Community
Documentation
Knowledge Base
Learning
Omnissa Connect
Partner Connect
Support
Tech Zone
Home
Trust center
Omnissa
trust center
Delivering the security, privacy, compliance, and resiliency that enterprises trust to innovate in a multi-cloud environment.
Omnissa™ offerings are currently subject to the privacy and security terms available on the Omnissa legal center and resources in the Omnissa trust center.
Legal center
Security
Operate with the confidence of security. View our commitment to keeping your data safe at rest and in transit for your cloud, hybrid, and on-premises deployments.
Explore Security
Review security response policy
View security advisories
Privacy
Integrate privacy-by-design. View how Omnissa cares about privacy – it is ingrained in our culture and built into everything we do. Our comprehensive privacy program encompasses our roles as a business and as a service provider in the delivery of our products and services.
We are committed to policies that enable us and our customers to comply with our respective privacy obligations.
Explore Privacy
Review Privacy Notices
Review Privacy Datasheets
Review Vendor Data Processing Agreement
Compliance
Realize extensive compliance in every region. View our comprehensive list of compliance standards and regulations.
EXPLORE COMPLIANCE
EXPLORE ON-PREMISES CERTIFICATIONS
Resiliency
Stay informed on the status of your services. Access a transparent view of global product and service availability, including scheduled maintenance windows.
Frequently asked questions
For more information related to the Omnissa Cloud Trust Center, we encourage you to reach out to your Omnissa Sales Representative. Your representative will be able to obtain the information to best support your request.
Global privacy notice
- This notice explains the personal data we collect to manage our business and our relationships with customers, visitors and event attendees.
Cookie notice
- This notice explains how we use cookies and similar technologies when you interact with us through our websites.
Job applicant privacy notice
- This notice addresses personal data we collect about candidates in connection with our employment recruiting efforts.
Products and services privacy notice
- This notice addresses the information we collect and use in connection with our customers’ deployment of our products and services.
Workspace ONE disclosure
- This disclosure explains the types of information collected by Workspace ONE UEM and other referenced Workspace ONE offerings from customers’ users and their devices.
Yes. Users should be aware that the data collected by the Software depends on how the Customer configures the Software.
For a comprehensive list of the data collected by Workspace ONE services, visit the
Workspace ONE privacy datasheet
.
To review the data collected by Horizon Cloud Service, visit the
Horizon Service privacy datasheet
and the
Horizon Cloud next-gen privacy datasheet
.
To review the data processing practices in connection with support services, see the
Omnissa customer support privacy datasheet
.
To provide the most detailed information around our cloud security controls, we have published the
Workspace ONE Cloud Services security whitepaper
and the
Horizon Cloud Service Next-Gen cloud security whitepaper
.
Reach out to your Omnissa Sales Representative. Your representative will be able to submit the request on your behalf. SOC 3 reports are available for download
here
.
For an overview of the Omnissa AI program, review our
AI data privacy datasheet
.
You are now being redirected to
an external domain
. This is a temporary redirect while we build our new infrastructure
          and rebrand our legacy content.
This message will disappear in
10 seconds
CONTINUE
We Care About Your Privacy
We use cookies to provide you with the best experience on our website, to improve usability and performance and thereby improve what we offer to you. Our website may also use third-party cookies to display advertising that is more relevant to you. If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
General information on cookies
Strictly Necessary
Performance
Advertising
General information on cookies
When you visit our website, we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience. This information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies by clicking on the different category headings to find out more and change your settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. Further information can be found in our
Cookie Policy.
Always Active
Strictly necessary cookies are always enabled since they are essential for our website to function. They enable core functionality such as security, network management, and website accessibility. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but this may affect how the website functions. For more information please visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies Details‎
Performance
Performance cookies are used to analyze the user experience to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. They allow us to know which pages are the most and least popular, see how visitors move around the site, optimize our website and make it easier to navigate.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising
Advertising cookies are used to send you relevant advertising and promotional information. They may be set through our site by third parties to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. These cookies do not directly store personal information, but their function is based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel