MIT Sloan Management Review
is committed to preserving your privacy and protecting your information. We’d like this to be a privacy policy you can actually read, so we’re keeping it short. If you have any questions, please write us at
smr-privacy@mit.edu
.
What We Collect and How We Use It
We use the contact information that you provide (name, address, email, telephone number, etc.) for the following legitimate purposes: to process your order, maintain our transaction records, register you for events or enter you in giveaways.
We use cookies to enable the  shopping cart checkout process. We also use cookies to keep you “logged in.”
If you use a login on our site, we capture your user identity number and maintain that number in our system, so that we may better understand our customer’s behavior and content preferences.
We track for information such as number of people who visit particular web pages and how long people spend on our website. We only track this information in the aggregate and we never match usage data to any personally identifiable information. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
We use third-party tracking code to understand our visitors’ traffic and conversion behavior. We may use this tracking to present engagement offers to certain visitors. We do not share this data and do not use it for any other purpose.
We enable Google Analytics to collect demographic data about our site visitors via Google advertising cookies and identifiers. We use this information only in the aggregate and do not share it with any other entity.
Re: Google Analytics demographic data: we do not identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature. We do not attempt to disaggregate data that Google reports in aggregate.
You may
opt out of Google tracking
here.
We don’t share your email address with any outside parties unless you opt-in for such correspondence, or we notify you about sharing on our registration forms. We may share your name and postal address with third party customers to provide you with information we feel may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive these postal mailings, please contact us at smr-privacy@mit.edu and we’ll remove you from the postal list we share.
We use external partner platforms to manage our email alerts and newsletters, record subscriptions, facilitate reprints and permissions, and deliver event certificates. Each email you receive contains an easy, automated way for you to stop receiving email from us. External partners facilitate data processing only and have no rights to MIT SMR customer data.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent by us or purporting to be sent by us, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to
smr-privacy@mit.edu
.
We retain your personal information as long as necessary to provide with you such services.  If you no longer wish to hear from us, you can always contact us at
smr-privacy@mit.edu
.
Data Security
We are committed to providing you with a safe online experience. Our entire site, including the software we use for processing credit card payments, employs secure encryption technology (SSL) to reduce the possibility of theft, manipulation, and other alteration of any information that you provide to us. We never store your credit card information longer than necessary to process your payment, unless you’ve agreed to an automatically renewed subscription.
Tracking Activity
Our advertisers may place a cookie on your machine, so that they may serve relevant ads to you on other sites, or combine your visit data to our site with other information sources they may have. This cookie does not in any way identify you or give the advertiser access to your computer. We do not allow  our advertisers to collect personally identifiable information from our visitors.
Notice and Rights for Individuals in the EEA
By providing information directly to
MIT SMR
, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to the United States.  You understand that the current laws and regulations of the United States may not provide the same level of protection as the data and privacy laws and regulations of the EEA.
You have the right in certain circumstances to (1) access your personal information; (2) to correct or erase information; (3) restrict processing; and (4) object to communications, direct marketing, or profiling.  To the extent applicable, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation provides further information about your rights.  You also have the right to lodge complaints with your national or regional data protection authority.
If you are inclined to exercise these rights, we request an opportunity to discuss with you any concerns you may have. To protect the personal information we hold, we may also request further information to verify your identify when exercising these rights.  Upon a request to erase information, we will maintain a core set of personal data to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in the future, as well as any information necessary for
MIT SMR
archival purposes.  We may also need to retain some financial information for legal purposes, including US IRS compliance.  In the event of an actual or threatened legal claim, we may retain your information for purposes of establishing, defending against or exercising our rights with respect to such claim.
Privacy Policy Changes
Any changes to our policy will be posted on this page. This policy was last revised on May 24, 2018.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this policy, please send e-mail to
smr-privacy@mit.edu
.